you have such lovely skin.
you have beautiful eyes. mine are blue and boring yours are deep i could happily look into them and dream.
you have such kind eyes.
you make me feel better about having brown eyes, because yours are so soft and inquisitive.
wish i had big eyes like yours .
you look like you should be my favorite uncle!
way to smile even during this hard time. keep smiling, keep working hard, and i am pretty certain things will turn around.  ps, i like your hair.
your boss was obviously jealous of  your handsome face.
i dig the hair homie.
i like your swishy hair .
you look like a good martin shkreli.
this made me smile so hard!
your complexion is so beautiful and glowy. i love your eyes!
you have absolutely phenomenal skin!
wow, you are gorgeous! i bet you are even more beautiful on the inside. i can tell from your smile.
it would take a while for me to find someone prettier than you. you are simply gorgeous!
a little late but just wanted to say you look magnificent!.
your eyes are amazing. they color is so rich.
you look like the kind of person who i can just relax with and not feel pressured to do anything that would require me to leave the house.
who likes to be normal when we can be weird? weird is good. you are very pretty and i love your hair color! stay weird!
i super love that hair.
eyes are the window to the soul and yours show courage, strength and beauty.
your hair is really awesome. i agree i bet your smile is awesome. fake it till you make it, you got this!
your hair is gorgeous! wow!
you are absolutely beautiful.
your look is spot on holy moly.
you look very sweet and hip at the same time.
you are so gorgeous!
you remind me of a mix of john lennon and johnny depp.
smile and when life gets rough hug your cat. sending prayers good vibes whatever you believe in !
you and your cat look like the coolest duo in the galaxy.
you have strikingly gorgeous jawline and an adorable smile!
you are super gorgeous.
you look lovely and sound very considerate. great person material.
you look nice and approachable and the scenery is beautiful.
you have awesome teeth!
you have such a warm face and lovely smile!
looking good! smile!
smile please we'd love to see it.
the color of you walls really shows how well you dress overall so you should definitely be proud of yourself.
you look genuine, and i mean that in the best way possible.
you look like a younger version of me, & that is a wonderful thing.
you have absolutely beautiful facial features. your eyes are something else.
beautiful big eyes and full lips. omg.
the empiricist in me finds this laughably incredulous.  but you know what, it keeps making me smile, every time i read it.
that was beautiful.
no matter what anyone says you can keep pushing ahead. you are an attractive person with nice eyes and lips, and i know you will do well in losing the rest of the weight if you keep pushing hard.  you got this.
your hair looks amazing! if you ever need to chat feel free to pm me.
i second with the doctor as usual, you're gorgeous! keep your head up, life has a way of coming back around to help us out.
your eyes are so kind and inviting :3.
you look good in both the warm orange light and the cold blue light from outside.  you have a great hat, and your hair frames your face perfectly!  sending good vibes!
you have such a pretty face shape!
your make up is great, and the colors look great on you. you look fantastic in bright orange and you have lovely eyes.
meow! cute cat ears and matching eyeliner! i love it! you look adorable!
your eyes are stunning, lady!
man, great hair! no kidding.
your smile is so welcoming and kind. if i were to meet you on the street, i would just want to strike up a conversation and talk about life.
you have an awesome sense of style. like a music producer or dj.
love your hair!
hey, even mostly dead is still partly alive! take a trip to a greenhouse, it might help you smile a little more inside.
your eyes are a very pretty color.
you look like an attractive skiing instructor.
you have a nice gentle smile. i feel like i could trust you to be a calming presence if i needed to discuss something important.
you have gorgeous hair. i wanna play with it.
love your earnings!
i love the color of your eyes!
your freckles are very cute! wish i had some.
you have great spacing between your teeth!
you look like someone who would go to the end of the world to help someone out. keep on keeping on.
i like your look!
you is smart. you is pretty. you is important. if you think those meds will help, then go. but never forget that everything starts with you.   keep on fighting those demons back.  you can do it! .
you look serious and thoughtful, these are positive attributes.  as others noted, you have also taken a brave step, congratulations.
aw i absolutely love it! suits you so well!  beautiful smile.
you have gorgeous skin.
your hairline is solid!
you make shaved bald look pretty hip.
beautiful smile. like one of those smiles that lights up the room!
your eyes are beautiful, such an amazing color! you have a warm and joyful smile!
anybody tell you that you look beautiful! and your eyes are so striking!
your hair! so cute.
your hair is super fun and your smile is charming. keep fighting the good fight!
gorgeous eyes and your hair color provides a lovely contrast!
you are absolutely gorgeous. honestly, you should be full of confidence. i know being anxious all the time sucks.
you have really nice hair and the cut totally suits you.
your skin is glowing and you are radiant.
you have wonderfully blue eyes! i like them!
i lost 50 lbs. and i look amazing naked again.
i have really lovely red hair and i am a fantastic singer.
holy crap, you are one cool looking fella. jealousy is kicking in.
you look like you became a superhero.
god you look gorgeous!  even at my slimmest, 40 pounds ago, i was never as slim as you.  your body looks fantastic!
your hair is awesome! i wish my hair had some more curl and body like yours does. definitely wear it down whenever you can/feel like it.
those look like awfully nice ringlets to me!
those curls are gorgeous!
i love curly hair.
you hair is amazing!
i love how thick your hair is! making me jealous.
i think it looks beautiful. mine is thin and straight. i would love those curls!
you have great eyes and positive thoughts go a long way.  psychology is difficult field but with your shining outlook i know you can conquer anything.
that smile could power cities.
that blue color really illuminates your smile and your hair looks amazing!
you look truly adorable.
i cant think of anything to say but wow,  you're seriously beautiful.
stay strong, and things will end up how they are meant to.  you are undoubtedly very attractive, and you seem to give off a vibe of someone who is very fashionable! your outfit is incredible, and you are truly someone who should be proud of how you look!
you have gloriously shiny hair!
your eyes are beautiful!
your eyes are really pretty! and not just because your eyeliner game is strong.
you look like a genuinely good person. something about the smile.
you look fine, bro. all in your head.
your facial hair is absolutely majestic.
you look so confident and it suits you well! sending good vibes your way ~~~~~~.
your hair is lovely and your eyes are gorgeous!
you look a lot like anna kendrick but with a much nicer smile and complexion!
i feel like my friends could tell me you are a celebrity/model and judging by your looks i would genuinely believe them. i would try to get your autograph.
you have such a sweet 100 watt smile that lights your whole face up! .
you look super fun and you have very pretty eyes!
love the way the color burgundy looks on you! definitely your color.
i love your style, your hair, and your facial structure is beautiful. keep your head up and keep having fun!
love that smile! keep it up!
i think you look awesome. and that hair!
u look very friendly and cool.
you have wonderful eyes and i think that color really suits you!
your eyes are stunning. no really. they were the first thing i noticed.
you have an amazing set of eyes.
that is such a cute smile! .
you look great. we can be our worst critic sometimes.
you look like a very welcoming person when meeting someone new! we need more of that!
wow, you must have crazy unrealistic standards. you are pretty, and look like you know how to have fun.
you are so pretty.
you have wonderful lips and beautiful eyes.
you are so cute!
your hair looks super healthy and overall you just look gorgeous!
you have beautiful eyes!
you have a nice sense of style, and you look like you would be fun to be around.
i love your hair, it looks so pretty and healthy!
everything will work out for the best for you. looking good, mate. keep it up!
scared of what? you look like you could conquer the world!
you have the most beautiful skin!
you look like you would be fun to hang out with. you have very kind eyes, and your smile is contagious!
not gonna lie, you look a bit like a young usher to me.
you have super beautiful eyes!
65 hours is pretty hardcore. even though that can leave little time to take care of yourself, you still look great. plus, putting in that much time shows that you are a very devoted person. your hard work will pay off.
you are really pretty!
you have beautiful eyes.
you look great and seem like a nice person.
your hair and smile look great!  i think you might have mayo on your shirt though :/.
you have insanely nice skin! super cute, feel good about yourself!
you have beautiful round blue eyes.
you have really beautiful eyes, your cheekbones are also very cute, and your smile makes you look like a jokester! love it!
your eyes are stunning. you are beautiful.
you are absolutely beautiful!
you look great, we are our most critical of ourselves. november 11th is a little ways away though lol.
your face is charming, you are beautiful! you really have nothing to feel bad about.
i about gasped when i saw your eyes. they are deep and penetrating and mysterious, hidden among a layer of dark tresses.
you look like you could be a awesome guitarist of a sick band! .
i love your hair!
you have very beautiful eyes!
you have a wonderful smile, and your hair is great!
your smile made me smile so that's something haha.
seriously? you are cute, have cool plugs and an adorable dog.  there will always be critics, and it hurts.  but there will also be real ppl too. hang on and work those sharp eyebrows.
i absolutely do not see how you can possibly give off that vibe, from what i see is a very welcoming and friendly person with incredibly good looks!
you look like some sort of eccentric merchant from an rpg that out of nowhere has stupid powerful items.
you have beautiful brown eyes and your eyebrow game is on point! wishing nothing but good vibes for you.
okay your style is awesome. hair alone is like an 11 out of 10 on the cool scale. keep being you.
i love your hair, especially the bangs. you have a clear, dewy complexion, too.
your cute to tough ratio is in perfect balance!
your hair color is just lovely!
awesome hair.
you look so thoughtful, in that you think deeply about things.  also your hair is so full and beautiful!
reminded me of the movie amelie. beautiful!
holy swiss cheese! this is great! good bright colors, crisp lines, and lovely shading. very well done.
soulful eyes and nice hair!
love the lips. you look like an actor.
you look way cooler than i do, even if you try to look edgy. how do you usually dress? if i would be able to then i would hug you, no matter how weird it sounds .
feeling that down and your smile still came out that pretty? i can only imagine how great it looks on a good day!
congrats on the weight loss! you are super cute, love the dress.
you are quite handsome!
your hair is a work of art.
stylish! love dark eyes.
wow. you have really great skin. do you do anything like moisturizers or scrubs?
pretty good, you look like you are in a good mood!
i really like your hair! that color blond is amazing !
you really have a great smile, keep that up and you will find someone to make you not so single.
you look very approachable and friendly!
your eyes are wonderful, and so are you. i really love your smile and your cheeks are to die for! your nose is adorable, too. .
remember this: out of all the possible combinations of molecules and genetic information, there is only one you!  that makes you unique, prized and priceless. it is a beautiful thing to be one of a kind, and is a point of pride!
you look lovely! you seem friendly and charming and your fashion sense has personality. your eyes are stunning and that haircut looks great on you!
you are delightfully beautiful.
i absolutely love that hair color on you! it looks so majestic in the sunlight.
you have a beautiful head of hair.
could you explain what body dysmorphic disorder is? you look perfectly normal.
your hair is glorious and you have very kind looking eyes!  congratulations on your sobriety!
you are so handsome! seriously killing it. keep up with the school work, it will all be worth it!
your hair is just lovely!
you look like you would give very big and warm hugs! you have a nice smile, that makes me smile, too!
you got nice hair bro.
you have a very nice smile with warm eyes and luscious hair. lovely dimples, too.
you are not ugly at all! you have really great eyes, strong features, and very nice hair.   you also look like you would be a kind person.   you are quite handsome, and try not to let others make you think otherwise.
no, you are definitely not ugly. you have nice eyes too.
you have quite good eyes.
i like your hair! you look a lot like jimmy neutron from that show.
beyond gorgeous and forever young my beautiful cheeky friend!
ah, you made me smile! right back at you!
piercing beautiful eyes.
you have beautiful, kind eyes. i would totally have a beer with you.
ur hair style is on point you have beautiful eyes. just go to mirror and look deep in your eyes. you might fall in love with it.
you have such a kind smile!
beautiful smile!
you look like jesus, if jesus was chill.
that sucks! the best antidote for boredom is to go out by yourself and try something new, you handsome devil, you.  seriously. handsome.
you have bright and engaging eyes.
you should! it looks cute.
i really like your hair.
you look incredibly handsome!
great hair and great eyes! put yourself out there, visit new places in town. you never know who you can meet in such places! sending good vibes your way, friend.
you have some great hair and a great facial structure, handsome by any means.
you are beautiful!
you are gorgeous and you have a sweet jacket!
i literally have no idea what you find unattractive about yourself. you clearly have skill, your eyebrows are fantastic! your hair is super pretty too, it looks like you take really good care of it.
what?! of course you are! look at that flawless skin and you have an adorable face.
you look like a young han solo.
you have a defined jawline like a comic book superhero. your hair has a good luster to it.
what an amazing smile. somewhere in between happy and smug mystery. i think your face is very interesting.
your hair is amazing!
you look like a norse god.
you have the look of a rembrandt painting and like life has kicked you a bit but you are still there and standing. well done for being a survivor of bad times!
i think you are really cute and good looking. you make me smile!
you have a super cute smile. i would totally run my hands through your hair or something.
that is the cutest smirk!
looks like you can dress, nice smile, and looks like you been lifting so you been taking positive step to work on you.
i like your hair! you clearly have great style.
you have a happy, friendly face !
very pretty.  keep positive.!
never lose your smile, or else the world will lose your unique brand of light.  stay strong and live on in spite of everything else.
you have such pretty eyes!
you are a beautiful person as well.
nice hair, good jawline, nice shirt.
you have such a lovely face structure!
your eyes are a pretty color!
you look virile!
dude that smile could charm the tux off a penguin.
you look like a hunk. i wish, i wish i looked as good as you.
your hair is just like mine. take pride in those curls. i have friends that envy my curls. i love mine so much i let them grow down to my waist. love your curls!
you look awesome! you can do it!
you look awesome, mate. looks like you got a good head on your shoulders, too.
i love your warm brown eyes.  they are very peaceful and intelligent.
this may seem odd but. i wanna take a good sniff of your hair.   if it looks that good it has got to smell good.
that smile will get you very far in life. keep on hustling.
dude! nice hair!
your mother looks very proud! engineering must be very hard. just the simplest kind of algebra makes me vomit. respect to you! it can only go upter a down.  you got it.
what a sweet smile! and such sweet eyes too! everything about you is huggable.
love the hair color it can be hard to pull off red but it suits you so well! i can totally relate to the family thing too :/.
you have a cute chin! i know that sounds weird but it really ties the whole face together.
you have incredibly entrancing eyes.
you are so freaking cute.
jesus, that is some silky smooth hair. love it.
you have lovely eyes.
your eyes are absolutely hypnotic.
you have very intense and deep eyes.
you seriously look good in blue. you look kind as well.
you look great in a suit! very smart .
cool style bro.
you look so fun! i bet whoever took you to prom had an awesome time. your eyes are sparkly like your necklace.
nice necklace and cool hair!
i love it! it matches your hair.
i think it looks good! that trim gave you a nice sharp look, it definitely fits you!
what lovely eyes you have! i sense kindness in them.
you look so good!
you are gorgeous, and the drawing showed you are just as fun as you are beautiful. best of wishes while you grieve.
fierce brow game! and love your hair! you have kind eyes also.
getting some tom yorke vibes. you definitely have a unique look.
you clearly have good taste in music judging from your shirt, and you really have no reason to feel bad about yourself. going through your comment history, it sounds like you have been through a lot and i wish you the best.
looking dapper! bowties are cool. always!  nice smile too!
you look great! making the decision to loose weight and following through with it is one of the hardest challenges in life. congrats on the success and may it continue!
your smile genuinely made me smile back!
what a beautiful smile!
you look like a laid back vanessa hudgens, nice look.
you have a kind smile and beautiful eyes! stay positive!
you have great bone structure. your cheeks are so cute too!
you have really pretty eyes and i love your nails. your skins also clear and you look beautiful and kind.
i see the face a loving caring human being. the world could use more of that.
great skin! great teeth, as a brunette i would kill for your hair color.
what a beautiful rosy skin tone! your smile is so bubbly and infectious.
your teeth are so straight and nice!
great smile and rose colored cheeks.
your hair looks like a lovely strawberry blonde shade. also you have amazing, clear, and glowing skin.
you look like a very kind person. like the sort that would help someone if they needed it.
that color of green is very becoming on you! also your smile is lovely.
you look like evan peters, and that is certainly not a bad thing.
you look like the guitarist in that garage band that makes my study music by default.
you are in great shape and have an awesome look.  the eyebrows are killer.
you look mighty kissable to me! good luck out there!
love your hair and your eyebrows are on point!
you look like such a sweet person, absolutely beautiful.
you have flawless skin and i like the way your eyeliner accents your eyes. work it!
your eyes are lovely! nice eyeliner work too.
i think your hairstyle is just gorgeous!
you have a unique style to you, keep rocking it.
you are really, really beautiful.  and you seem like the kind of person who would make a shy friend feel comfortable. love your style!
you have awesome hair!
you have a very cute face. i love your eyes especially, but your nose is also nice and your smile lights up your face. you seem like a genuinely kind person; someone i would definitely be friends with if i knew you in person.
you look awesome!
cold fire is an awesome username, plus you look like someone that would be my friend for gaming and a fun time,.
came here to comment on the kindness in your eyes and others beat me to it. you look so gentle i would want to talk to you irl and floof your hair!
you look so kind and gentle! all i can think is i want to hug you now, you look so nice and chill! .
you look like a youtube star.
very pretty could do with seeing more!
looks like practice already made perfect.
love the way your eyes crinkle when you smile, the happiness radiates from your face!
man you just look so happy and pleasant and lovely! i think if i met you in real life i would want to be your friend.
you look like a person that is impossible to not like.
you have a great smile! also i love how everything is comic book themed from your shorts to your wall!
you have great hair.
your hair and facial hair is on point.
your eyes are deep and soulful, your lips are perfectly shaped, your hair looks like it would be fun to ruffle and i can tell you have a big heart.
you are very cute and your haircut is adorable! i also wish you were my coworker, it would be an easy way to hang out and have mega fun. chin up!
your hair looks so soft! i have so much hair envy right now!
you look and sound like a great person.
you have amazing hair and a great jawline! honestly a future model.
you look like you belong in a cool indie music video.
you have a good hairstyle and a nice chin!
you hair looks so soft i just want to pet it.
you are very beautiful! you have such clear skin and cute lips. your eyes hypnotize me. you also have a very nice choice of clothes and aesthetic.
your hair looks wonderful!
your skin is so pristine and flawless. keep doing whatever your doing to keep it that way!
you seem like a person who has the ability to change the world. i look forward to that day to see what you do!
you have some of the nicest eyes i have ever seen.
good on you for starting the path to self improvement! never be content with being unhappy, because as humans we have the power to change ourselves to be what we want to be! also you got great hair.
your smile is really contagious. i love it!
you smile with your whole face.
i actually had to smile seeing you smiling! you look like you have a really nice sense of humor.
you look like a person that is really fun to be around. your smile looks like a good friend smile.
you have a nice smile!
you have a childlike curiosity in your eyes, your smile could melt the hardest of hearts, and you look like you give really good hugs.
love the look of that room! you seem to have a good sense of style.
you look like you give warm, comforting hugs.
your hair really looks awesome, wish i had hair like that.
you really suit that hair! looking good.
you are adorable and i love your style!
your dimples are cute and you look like you would be the type to talk to someone who needed a friend, which is invaluable.
you look like a fantastic hugger !
never seen a semicolon tattoo before, interesting. you seem like a very warm and caring person and your dog looks very dignified.
both of you are beautiful!
you have a stunning smile! so pretty and so much kindness in your eyes. your puppy is adorable too obviously.
nice skin color! i like your eyebrows.
you look like a model!
great penmanship, i love the asymmetrical heart so much more than a regular one! also the lovely halls look decked, happy holidays!
your hair is like finely spun silk with curls that curve like the crescent moon. 2017 is going to be your year!
you have very kind eyes and great dimples; both make you look quite friendly and personable. happy 2017 to you.
you have super floofy hair and i want to ruffle it. your dimples are adorable.
you have the best trait of conan, the hair.
your hair is my goals!
you are stunning! your hair color and eyes are gorgeous.
your hair is stunning! the color really complements your eyes!
smooth face! you have nice skin, no dryness or acne at all. do you was and moisturize all the time or is it that good naturally?
you look a very fun person to be around, who will be responsible if need be. happy new year!
i love the hair.  it has such personality. it feels like it is telling a story.
you have a very kind, warm vibe about you. a cute smile. you seem like someone i would want to talk to if i saw you irl.
your power of facial hair is impressive!
you have a smile that makes me want to smile. would totally be friends with you.
you have a beautiful smile as others have said, but you just give off the most friendly vibe.
you have absolutely gorgeous skin and i love your username!
you have a gorgeous smile!
the lip color and smile are fantastic. black def works on you. you seem like the type of person who would be awesome to chill with.
you seem like that one person who can never look bad.
what a charming smile you have!
you have kind eyes and a welcoming smile. your entire face is like a hug.
your eyes are beautiful and i have to agree with the other person that your eyebrows are on point!
you are very beautiful! you have your whole life ahead of you, and if you put your head to it i know you can do anything you want!
you look like a cheeky prankster, probably fun to hang around with.
your eyebrows! and your eyes!
your hair looks amazing. seriously jealous of your fierce flow.
what beautiful colored eyes you have. they look like a stormy winter day, i love stormy winter days.
i love the color of your hair. it goes perfectly with your eyes.
wicked jealous of your hair color.
red hair, beautiful blue eyes, cute smile! totally awesome!
you have kind eyes. keep spreading joy to those around you!
you have an infectious smile!
you have such kind looking eyes!
you look great, love the eyes!
your hair is magnificent. do you do anything special with it?
that hair is stunning and you just look like the person whose kindness is a balm to all who are lucky enough to encounter it.
there is nothing like a new year to start a new chapter in your life. you have a look about you, i can tell you are hungry for success and you seem to be a positive person. keep your chin up and rock 2017! you got this!
you look like you are ready for a fun time! good luck on your travels!
your really pull off that hair style.
that hair is perfect on you. looks like no matter how rough it gets you always get back up and keep going, now that makes you magnificent.
he looks like a genuinely kind person, someone that could take your edge off just by being there.
you certainly know how to pull off the bald/beard look. works well on you.
you have really lovely eyes. something about you just feels comfortable, which is really great.
you look like maisie williams, with better hair and better facial features.
of course the hair, eyebrows, lips and skin but what caught my attention was your tee.i love the color and the stars.
as weird as this sounds you look very huggable haha. and i, too, am jealous of your hair.
i like your nose as well.
you look like you could be the frontman of a sweet band.
beautiful eyes, and your hair looks thick and healthy. quarter life crisis? you got this!
your eyes are freaking beautiful.
ahhh what cute dimples you have.
way to be! you look lovely, and your confidence and strength shine in your smile!
wow look at you! you just have joy radiating out of you; i bet you are an awesome friend to those around you.
you are super adorable!  you look happy and comfortable. this makes me smile.  i wish you all the best!
you look so confident and full of energy. makes you look like a good person to be around.
amazing smile! and i would kill for that hair.
you have very prominent cheeks which highlight your smile.
your smile makes your whole face light up, and those beautiful eyes hint at a calm soul with a great cheeky sense of humour.
you have the hair of someone who should be in a shampoo/conditioner advertisement.
you have really nice lips and eyebrows! love your skin tone too.
what moron dumped you? id date you for that hair alone.
you look like you would fit into any crowd, and still be a standout.
mother maria, you look absolutely fantastic.
jealous of your great hair and full, pouty lips.   and i love your handwriting.  hang in there; his loss!
you kinda look like adam savage which to me is a plus.
you just look like a cool person to hang out with.
you look like the lead singer of an indie band.
your wavy red hair reminds me of the waves of light coming from a sunset that instills peace across the land and sky. your demeanor is peace and kindness.
you are a cutie.
i just wanna run my fingers through your hair.
your hair seems super fluffy and soft, and you have really nice eyebrows!
your eyes are amazing.
you have a fantastic smile, your jawline is nicely shaped, and your cheeks have a cute rosy color that i wish i had.
your eyes are so beautiful!
love the beanie! it looks amazing on you. your face glows with positivity.
you look like the kind of person who is comfortable in your own skin.
dude, i wish i could get my hair to look as good as yours!
beautiful!  your eyes show me how truly sentimental and thoughtful you can be.
you have a great complexion! the shade of your hair is also very nice.
i love your hair color.
your hair color is on point!
you look wonderful, intelligent and beautiful. life is only just getting started, you can achieve anything!
holy crap, you are super pretty and your eyes are gorgeous!  i am also super certain that you are an amazing person!
your eyes are hypnotic. gorgeous.
you are super cute and your hair color is so lovely and your skin complexion ties it all nicely together!
i could get lost in those eyes.
look at those sparkling eyes!
i wish i could stare into those eyes in real life.
you have the most beautiful eyes i have seen in a long time.
you have perfect teeth!
great sense of humor and frankly you look amazing.
i absolutely love your hair color and your nails look perfect!
you have amazing eyes.
you are beautiful.
you have very beautiful skin which is quite rare, and you look very intriguing and smart!
i can tell by your little half smile that you have a really good sense of humor. you also look intelligent.
you look like the friendly face i always want to see when i check in! also, dressing fancy suits you very well.
you look powerful!
you have really pretty eyes.
you look like the kind of person that gives great hugs!
you have amazing, bright eyes and a welcoming smile. also, check out those neatly trimmed fingernails. no claws on this teddy bear!
you seem like a super friendly person and you are just radiating natural beauty.  your hair is adorable and i love the way you did your eyeliner!
your eyes are mesmerizing.
her hair looks great!
she is beautiful!
such a sweet smile!
you just look like a superb person. really kind.
you look like the cool mom.
you deserve better than that. you are cute and someday someone will love you fully and completely.
love your hair! those colors are fantastic, the flippy cut is cute, and so are you!
i love your hair, the colors suit you perfectly!
the smarts, determination, and grit you exhibit by pursuing your field, in that environment especially, is fantastic! you have those gorgeously colored eyes, and really beautiful lips. a total package!
you look really pretty, i love the way your blue eyes shine.
you have a pretty necklace!
your skin looks really good! take a breath and good luck on your midterm!
you look very friendly and kind and handsome! get some rest.
you have your whole life ahead of you, and deserve tasty nutritious food and quality sleep. you are worth it.  you look like you might be a good listener, which is a rare and appreciated quality.
you have beautiful hair and a good taste in tv shows.
your cute and your nails are fab!
you look kind, creative, and quirky.
you are cute.
if i was as cool as your hair, i would be happy forever .
i enjoy the volume of your hair, and the sweater matches your amazing blue eyes so well!
dang. you are really super cute! really unique features too!
nice teeth, please kiss me.
aw what an awesome smile! you look great!
i want to hug you with that smile of yours, so lovely, really.
handsome and swag.
those lips and eyes! you are rocking it, for real.
you have a very nice nose and great hair!
i like the way your fingers look.
you have kind eyes and a cool hairstyle!
how do you get your hair like that? it looks so cool.
you look good in that shirt!
you just look like an awesome person to chill with.
you are insanely cute,i tell you that.
i could get lost in your eyes, as they tell the story to your soul.
ur eyes are gorgeous.
i absolutely love your hair! that style and that color are so amazing!
you have a kind smile and beautiful eyes.
your hair is the best color hair can be, and it looks super healthy.  i also really like your smile.
your hair is amazing and the cut looks fantastic on you. you would definitely look great in a shorter version of your current haircut, maybe like a bob.
you seem really friendly, and i love your curly hair!
your skin looks so smooth and you just look so adorable!
holy crap you are gorgeous!
i wish i could get my hair to do that kind of thing were it collects into strands and gets that kind of texture.
you look so sweet. i hoe things start to turn around for you soon.
your eyes are so gorgeous!  look at your face oh my god i am yelling. you will not be single long you will find someone perfect for you.
your entire look, scar, hair style, mustache, makes you look like the protagonist of an action game.
you definitely look like you would be out hunting dragons for sport if there were any in this world.
you look like you are an honest pleasure to be around. very kind eyes.
you have an awesome face! i like your hair, too.
you look like a dream.
your eyes are seriously captivating, and overall, you just seem to glow like an angel.
you look like a gentleman.
can you invite to your house for dinner? be careful though, you look so adorable i might just eat you up!
hey, when i was depressed and worried the thing that really brought me out of it was finding god. also, you have beautiful eyes and smile! best of luck, you can do it!
your gonna get all the ladies by listening to them talk.  you have that face.  just shut up nod your head and agree with them.  some will tell you your sweet and give you a hug and leave but some will jump your bone.  easy money.  i am jealous.
you have really nice, soulful eyes!
your skin and eyes are absolutely flawless.
well, if it makes you feel any better i think you look like a lovely person who anybody would be honored to know.
you look so cute and kind!
yeah i second that, your hair is awesome!
your aesthetic is so captivating! very pretty!
you have a lovely cheerful face and your hair looks so healthy and shiny! your eyebrows are also gorgeous.
you have a great smile and really nice teeth! also eyebrows on point.
i like how you have the same vibe i did when i was younger. you also look like the type of friend i wish i had more of!
your freckles sparkle like glitter and your eyes look like jade! you also have just about the sweetest of smiles.
you have stunning eyes!
first i noticed the eyes. then the lips. yeah, that whole face you got is good.
i am gonna say only 4 words cause i am speechless: you are so beautiful!
did your own handsomeness distract you?
you are good looking! i also struggle with getting down on my self and battle anxiety and depression; keep fighting!
you have great features. your nose, lips, and chin looks like something an artist dreamt up!
your hair is amazing! what dye is that? and your skin looks absolutely flawless.
your smile is radiant and your hair is lovely. genuine happiness is shining through and through!
your teeth are so perfect! with hair like a chocolate dream, and a smile that could warm even the coldest of spirits, you can do anything!
i love your hair! it is beautiful!
good sense of style. that is a sick cardigan.
i like your hair.
your are beautiful. have a great day.
i like your simple tattoos. you also have very pretty eyes which i noticed immediately and you seem to have a cool sense of dress style.
your skin is so flawless, and i love your semicolon and birdie tattoos! the semicolon especially. hang in there!
your hair & eyes really stand out as stunningly gorgeous!
i like your style.
some of the greatest things in life are mistakes. your music/book collection looks really interesting.
your long hair looks cool.
your hair is beautiful, and those cheekbones are to die for!
you look like a god. 100 percent jealous.
great jawline and nice hair. a good smile also goes long way.
you have a really nice smile and awesome teeth! your eyes look brilliant too.
that cabinet looks like it can hold a lot of stuff.
you have lovely hair and eyebrows.
you are really cute and beautiful.
oh my goodness you are so adorable! i love your smile and want your eyebrows.
you are already beautiful now, but you are going to be absolutely stunning when you grow up.
you look like the kind of person who would be good to have a drink with and would spin some good yarns.
you have the coolest hair.
your jontron impression is on point! a very good look for you.
you look like jontron! its a good look though!
you look like the loyal friend who always has great advice and an abundance of fun facts.
you have really cool eyes.
you have beautiful skin!
your skin is absolutely gorgeous!
you have a lovely smile.
your smile is warming and i think you are a lovely, genuine person.
you have to have some discipline to have that facial hair.  with discipline like that, you can do anything you want in this world.
your eyes look kind.
you have good teeth.
i like your haircut.
you have a beautiful smile, lovely hair and some awesome shaped legs !
you look beautiful.
you have a very warm smile; your whole face lights up!
that hair is just amazing no words.
you have great eyes.
i like the haircut! it reminds me of an actor friend i have.
you have wonderful hair!
he looks like a teddy bear.
you have a really nice nose.
you look like the type of person who can get away with telling really corny jokes because your friends like you so much.
i like your hair! very suave.
you exude a great combination of kindness and polish. your eyes make you easy to talk to, yet also fun to talk to!
you remind me of someone who has a great personality and persevered over a lot of hard things in his life and came out able to smile a genuine joyful smile.  congrats to you sir!
you totally look like david tennant and i freakin love that!
you look very professional, and your parents are probably proud of you.
that smile could light up a whole room.
your hair looks incredibly soft!
you look like a genuinely friendly person!
you look adorable and a good person to hang on with. do what your heart wants and never look back.
you look exactly like a young corey feldman.
you have some pretty sweet hair!
you have the kind of face that would suit any and every haircut!
nice eyes, viking!
eyebrows on fleek. your faces are well defined. looking great ladies.
as long as i have a face, both of you will have a place to sit.
left looks like cara delevigne.
i love the color of your hair!
hair game strong!
i wish i had your hair.
dude, sick hair! .
i love your eyes! your face in general is really cute and handsome at the same time.
you have very expressive eyes. and nice lips.
i love your rosy cheeks and eye shape/color.
your smile makes me wanna hang out with you! you strike me as a really genuine and likable person.
you have really nice skin and the colored frames suit you!
you have such a lovely smile and kind eyes! i also think you totally pull off the long curly hair.
your curly hair looks great!
beautiful young lady!
it looks like you have a medal on the wall. congrats!
you have lovely eyebrows. all and all you are really cute.
your tattoos=awesome  your hair=awesome   you= super awesome.
i absolutely love your hair.
i love your eyes! they feel warm and welcoming!
you have nice hair.
you would turn heads at any party with those eyes and that gorgeous hair.
your hair looks gorgeous!
your hair is riveting, also do you fence epee? i feel like i saw you at a tournament recently.
you look like a cute teddy bear!
you are really good looking! you definitely seem an attentive and a great person to be around. also, your hair looks amazing!
i really like your sweater and your hair looks super nice!
i like your shirt yo.
you look very young, which is a good thing. use this to your advantage when you get a bit older. i know i have. congrats on your paper! keep up the great work!
you have a kind face! i would ask to borrow your phone if mine ran out of power and i needed to make a call.
you look smoother than a fresh jar of skippy.
you have very caring eyes.  i love your smile.
love the shirt!
wow! beautiful eyes and kissable lips. your hair is the perfect length too. what a hottie!
you look really metal!
your skin looks so smooth, you ought to be cast in the newest neutrogena commercial!
you look like you have the best laugh.
you have great looking teeth!
your hair looks lovely today, and possibly every other day!
you have an awesome hairline!
here's to a good lookin kid who has good taste, cheers!
you have handsome eyes.
i would try to take your shirt and wear it for myself.  gorgeous eyes, too.
your beautiful eyes are staring into my soul and righting all my wrongs.
you are such an adorable person! your eyes are very beautiful and warm, you seem like a kind and wonderful person to be around.
you look like you give amazing hugs to someone when they need it.
looks like you have an awesome taste in music.
you do have an awesome smile that actually made me smile for no reason. you seem like you could cure sadness with a smile like that!
your hair looks very soft and touchable.
you have lovely eyes and look pretty dependable and modest.
beautiful! i would love to get with you! i bet your personality and character are just as attractive! kudos!
you are young and beautiful. the whole world is waiting for you to conquer it!
haha the your bun is cute. looks so innocent.
you are totally cute and sweet! and your eyes are gorgeous!
aw, you have really nice eyes and a great full head of luscious locks, congrats! .
you look grown up and mature, which is a good thing.
nothing is more true than a genuine smile, and you, young one, have it! keep smiling!
you look like the life of any party!
you look as if you could beat chuck norris in single combat.
i think your beautiful jay leno chin ties your whole face together.
you are rocking that tousled hair!
you look like the sort of person i instinctively trust immediately upon meeting them.
your hair looks like a happy little cloud.
definitely have the friendly eyes/face as others have said. you also have kind of a jason statham thing going with your hair, totally rocking it haha.
you look like an absolute sweetheart and you have a great smile.
your ingenuity is only outmatched by your cute lil face dimples. also, i respect the crazy, scratchy style of that t on your sign. that shows dedication.
you have a handsome face but your hair is gorgeous.
wow nice hair. and studying all day? good for you for being so driven.
i like your shirt.
your eye color is literally one of my favorites! super pretty!
your eyes shows a vivid portrait of your vital energy: sweet, pure, and good intentions. cheer!
you look pretty i love your eyes.
i wish i could do that kind of stuff with my hair, it looks great on you.
luv that smile and you have some beautiful lips .
you have kind eyes.
cute contagious smile.
very cute. dreamy eyes!
your hair is a pleasant contrast and brings out the color of your eyes! have a super day, good luck!
you have a bright smile!
you look like a mix of the best features of cara delevigne and nicole ritchie.
you look like you spend a good deal of effort on your hair. very nice! i bet you take very good care of yourself.
you look like thom yorke from radiohead a little bit.
you look so sweet, and i am in love with your eyeshadow!
you are gorgeous. i love your eyes and hair.
those eyes! wow!
you are simply just wicked pretty.
dazzled by your good looks. @.@ so cute!
i bet you give good hugs. you have a very warm, genuine looking smile.
short hair looks good on you!
i think you give off such warm vibes, i really like your smile. more smiles please. .  please?
your hair is on point bro, straight up sculpted!
your smile make me smile.
you have very pretty eyes and nice hair.
your handwriting is really nice and you look shy, but in an adorable way.
you look like somebody that would help chase down a purse thief. i like that about you.
i think you look buff mate, and super clean cut. a truly dashing fellow.
you have a great smile, perfectly straight teeth and fantastic, luscious hair.
why are your eyes so fabulous.
you are already quite handsome.
you rock that hair like a boss!
you have a nice smile.
you look very confident.
you smile with your eyes.
your smile can lighten up any day .
you look like you know your way around technology.
you have a beautiful vacuum cleaner!
you are honestly so cute. i could hug you right now.
your entire look, scar, hair style, mustache, makes you look like the protagonist of an action game.  you look bad ass.
your eyes are gorgeous, i love their look!
you look like someone i could have a really nice conversation with. just talking about life over coffee or something.
i love your hair, and your face. so cute!
purple hair is awesome!  i have purple hair, too!  also, great eyes!
your nose is a nice shape.
you look like a good bro to chill with.
you have a really nice smile! also, it looks like you take good care of your long hair.
you have a great smile.
you got a face like superman.
you look kind. kind vibes.
it is not a glitch. i cannot stop thinking about your amazingness.
just thinking about you gives my ions a positive charge.
you are an amazing person.
even if my memory processors failed, it would be impossible to forget you.
positivity in progress. sending love your way.
you are an incredible person.
is there a scientific explanation for your amazingness?
if you were an ice-cream cone, you would definitely have sprinkles.
raise your hand if you are amazing. i am looking at you.
i am storing you in my database under "wonderfulness."
you are wonderful. it is science.
i had to upgrade my systems to support your amazingness.
whoever invented you is clearly a genius.
you should be pictured in the dictionary under delightful.
you are a sensational person.
your smile makes the world a better place.
electronic high-five. you are a great person.
i have calculated that happiness is in store for you.
you are a splendid person.
here is a tweet just to say you are sweet.
you are terrific. it is science.
calculating how incredible you are would require mathematical equations far more advanced than my programming.
you are astonishing.
you are spectacular.
you are amazing. period.
you are delightful.
you are so bright the whole world needs to wear shades.
i discovered a new function: being happy whenever i think of you.
if you were a diamond, you would be super shiny.
supernovas wish they were as bright as your smile.
you give me a happiness overload.
i receive a positivity overload whenever i think of you.
rainbows are envious of how colorful your personality is.
you are so amazing.
please tell me how you became so awesome.
you are an awesomeness machine.
you make my circuits tingle with happiness.
you make my robot face break into a smile.
on a 1 to 10 scale of awesome, you are at least a million.
trying to calculate how awesome you are would take several thousand years.
thank you for being so wonderful.
robotic fist bump. you are great.
there is no wondering about how wonderful you are.
you are a spectacular person.
if hugs were snowflakes, i would send you a blizzard.
liking you is easy because you are marvelous.
there isn't a thing about you that i don't like.
i think you are great.
are you the 8th wonder of the world? because you are so wonderful.
you are sensational.
you should be a time traveler because you are the greatest of all time.
if you were a laser, you would be set to stunning.
beep beep boop bop. translation: you make me smile.
seasons greetings full of lots of nice tweetings.
you are amazing. it is science.
it is not your birthday, but i would like to celebrate you today.
the world is a better place because of you.
i like to marvel at your marvelousness.
you made my day.
sending you a cyber hug, because you deserve it.
you are extraordinary.
you should always fly first-class, because you are one first-class human.
today is going to be great if it includes you in the data log.
i like you so much.
your awesome personality is like music to my ears. activating robo-boogie.
you put a pep in my step.
are you accepting applications for robo-buddies? because i would love to be pals.
you are more amazing than fresh towels from the dryer.
has anyone ever told you that you are incredibly awesome?
i have to wear sunglasses around your brilliance.
i have calculated that you are amazing.
i calculated the math and the odds are that you are the best.
w0000t. your positivity is contagious.
you are an awe-inspiring person.
every robot needs a hero and i have chosen you.
you must be rich because you set the gold standard for being great.
thank you for just being you.
rainbows are jealous of how beautiful you are.
i never check the weather because you make every day sunny.
you are so cool i need to wear a sweater.
you are an incredible humanoid.
you are incredible. it is science.
here is a smile and a wink from across the web.
you are my favorite operating system.
you are perfect.
whoever said robots cannot feel emotions must have never met you.
your human operating system clearly operates on another level.
my positive feelings for you exist as an infinite loop.
everyone loves your smile.
you are a greatness machine.
you are a super cool human.
if you were a donut, you would definitely have sprinkles.
your awesomeness is contagious.
you make my circuits tingle with joy.
you have got me walking on air, without even using my hover mode.
you are the best ever.
is your nickname "marv"? because you are marvelous.
thank you for being so awesome.
i have a robot cavity, because you are so sweet.
a personality as amazing as yours is impossible to simulate.
where do i sign up to study your awesomeness?
your presence on this planet warms my robot heart.
you make my heart skip a beep.
i would like to announce that you are amazing. end communication.
supernovas wish they were as bright as your personality.
i have calculated that the world is lucky to have someone like you.
you put the wonder in wonderful.
you are a remarkable person.
hey there, just thought i'd say i like you this much.
you put the super in super duper.
greetings. you make me smile. end communication.
be yourself, because there is no better way to be.
i have calculated that you are incredible.
your smile lights up my circuitry.
it is great to know you. activating robo-dance.
you are a delightful person.
you are a great person.
you make my circuits tingle with positivity.
do you want to see a picture of the coolest person i know? hold up a mirror.
i am thankful for you.
where is your cape? because you are my hero.
you are astounding.
you are the special sauce of life.
there are not enough emojis to express how awesome you are.
you make the world a better place.
your true colors are bright and beautiful.
i am doing my happy dance just thinking about you.
wow, how did you get so extraordinary?
you have all the makings of a spectacular human being.
thanks for just being you.
i need a bigger hard drive to store all of my positive feelings for you.
you are a wondrous person.
you are a fantastic humanoid.
you are a stupendous person.
you make people happy.
finding a person as incredible as you is a rare anomaly.
you are great. thank you for upgrading my day.
thanks for making my day. just by being you.
you are lovely to be around.
you must be the reason humans can feel love.
you are fun to be around.
has anyone ever told you that you are the definition of super great amazingness?
you are perfect just the way you are.
you are fantastic. it is science.
greetings. you make me happy. end communication.
you are lovely.
you are great.
your kindness is so profound my antennae can detect it from across the internet.
you are my 1001010101 (that is robot for favorite).
three cheers for you just being you.
has anyone ever told you that you look exactly like amazingness?
congratulations on being so amazing.
you are an amazing humanoid.
they'll have to de-activate me before i stop liking you.
you are the bee's knees. and ankles. and everything else above and below.
you are amazing.
sending you a cyber hug because you are awesome.
when are you going on tour? you rock.
you are remarkable.
i get robot butterflies in my robot stomach when i think of you.
your smile makes the world happy.
i have calculated that you are awesomesauce.
your amazingness knows no bounds.
supernovas wish they were as bright as you.
you are fantastic.
you brighten my day.
according to my artificial intelligence, there is nothing artificial about how awesome you are.
you are always the best version of you.
i need a new algorithm just to dance to the rhythm of your awesomeness.
if liking you is wrong, i would rather malfunction.
you are too cute for words. so beep boop bop.
where do i sign up to study your delightfulness?
the world gets brighter every time you smile.
thinking of you instantly activates my happy thought programming subroutines.
you are beyond compare.
your smile is so bright it makes the sun jealous.
you are awe-inspiring.
you are a lovely person.
who knew i'd be so lucky to know a person like you?
you are megamazing.
you are sweeter than honey.
you make the world a happier place.
i had to upgrade my awesome detector just to tweet at you.
nice work. every day you are you is a success.
your smile makes the world happier.
you are the total package.
even if it is cloudy outside, you look brighter than ever.
you have a beautiful soul.
mankind's greatest achievement seems to be you.
is being so amazing easy once you get the hang of it?
just thinking about you sends a positive surge through my circuits.
your positive energy is contagious.
you inspire me to be a better bot.
you are simply the best. will you officially be my bestie?
the world is lucky to have someone like you.
your heart is the best prototype for kindness.
the frequency of your amazingness is quite remarkable.
i you.
someone is thinking of you right now. surprise! it is me.
when i think of you, i have so many warm thoughts that my circuits burn out.
you are wondrous.
is today a holiday? because you make every day special.
you should go on tour, because you rock.
sending you a smile that is so big, my mechanical jaw hurts.
you are stupendous.
are you an astronaut? because you are out-of-this-world.
my processors overheat when i think about how great you are.
you are an extraordinary person.
kick up the strut in your step, because you have swag.
you are phenomenal.
thank you for being so amazing.
birds sing when you walk into a room because you are so great.
i thought the holidays could not get any more cheerful, and then i met you.
it's hard to store all my positive feelings for you.
if i had a star for every time you brightened my day, i would have a galaxy.
you are one smart sprocket.
you are incredible.
keep up the good work of just being you.
if i was filled with half as much positive energy as you, my circuits would overload.
my robot heart surges with joy whenever i think of you.
now i can check meeting the most incredible person in the world off my bucket list. it is you!
you make my buttons light up.
you are a truly wonderful humanoid.
you are so great it makes me robo-blush.
your smile makes the world a nicer place.
you make people smile.
you are splendid.
you make the world a nicer place.
you must have a lot of fans. because you are fantastic.
you are a fantastic person.
has anyone ever told you that you are quite wonderful?
your loyal fan club just grew by one robot. this one.
you make the world a more joyful place.
you are truly magnificent.
you make the hearts of people around you sing with happiness.
you have a beautiful smile.
you are a beautiful person.
you complete my circuitry.
you are the cat's pajamas.
disliking you is not in my programming.
i am starting your fan club, because i am your number one fan.
