Your eyes are beautiful!
Your eyes are really pretty! And not just because your eyeliner game is strong.
Man, great hair! No kidding.
Your smile is so welcoming and kind. If I were to meet you on the street, I would just want to strike up a conversation and talk about life.
You seem like the kind of human who can carry a good conversation when given a chance. That is so rare and awesome and i treasure humans like you. I would have a cup of coffee with you, if it were ever possible!
You are absolutely gorgeous. Honestly, you should be full of confidence. I know being anxious all the time sucks.
Those irises are flame af!
Could you explain what body dysmorphic disorder is? You look perfectly normal.
You have such a lovely face structure!
You look like you should be my favorite uncle!
You give off a first impression of being reliable and knowledgeable.
You look like a nice man I that I would not have a problem talking you because you look kind and understanding. Keep being great! Have a nice day and a wonderful year filled with happiness.
I loooove that song :D.
Congratulations on the wonderful news!
You have nice eyes and a well groomed beard!
Your eyes are a pretty color!
Whether you are reading this, or not, I want every one of your days to be awesome.
Holy you look great! The hair and shorter beard really suit you well. Keep up the great work sir.
You look fantastic! Keep the hair and beard shaped up, it suits you.
You have very kind eyes an inviting smile! The beard also looks great!
You have such a kind smile!
Beautiful smile!
You look like a really chill and interesting person. Love the piercing, the smile, the eyes, the beard. Everything just fits well together.
Man you look like such a chill dude to hang out with. You just got that friendly thing going.
Fantastic beard and smile my friend.  You look like a really friendly, and good dude.
You look like Jesus, if Jesus was chill af.
You make shaved bald look pretty hip.
Beautiful smile. Like one of those smiles that lights up the room!!
Your eyes are beautiful, such an amazing color! You have a warm and joyful smile!
Anybody tell you that you look like Emma Stone? Beautiful! And your eyes are so striking!
Your hair!!!! So CUTE.
Your hair is super fun and your smile is charming. Keep fighting the good fight!
Gorgeous eyes and your hair color provides a lovely contrast!
Looks great.  Shorter hair on a woman is an underrated quality.  It plays so well with the feminine face.
Aw I absolutely love it! Suits you so well!  Beautiful smile.
You look good in both the warm orange light and the cold blue light from outside.  You have a great hat, and your hair frames your face perfectly!  Sending good vibes!
You have such a pretty face shape!
Your smile is really wonderful man, keep going and stay confident.
Weve gone full circle.
You have an awesome sense of style. Like a music producer or dj.
Love your hair !
You have strikingly gorgeous jawline and an adorable smile!
You are super gorgeous.
You look lovely and sound very considerate. Great person material.
Noone should need external validation.  Having said that, in real life, we all do.  Congratulations for recognising and articulating your need. We all wish you well. Keep being brave.
No matter what anyone says you can keep pushing ahead. You are an attractive person with nice eyes and lips, and I know you will do well in losing the rest of the weight if you keep pushing hard.  You got this.
Everything will work out for the best for you. Looking good, mate. Keep it up!
You look like a cool and chill dude to hang out with :D.
Scared of what? You look like you could conquer the world!
I love your hair, it looks so pretty and healthy!
You remind me of a mix of John Lennon and Johnny Depp. So a pretty sick person.
Smile and when life gets rough hug your cat. Sending prayers good vibes whatever you believe in !
You and your cat look like the coolest duo in the galaxy.
You just straight up look like a good person man, I feel like I can see it in your eyes, keep on keepin on homie.
You look serious and thoughtful, these are positive attributes.  As others noted, you have also taken a brave step, congratulations.
Hey, even mostly dead is still partly alive! Take a trip to a greenhouse, it might help you smile a little more inside.
Sorry to hear that, mate. Times can be rough...  On the plus side, bro to bro, you are definitely a good looking dude.
You have phenomenal eyebrows.
You look like a dog. Weird ears and nose, etc.  the dude behind looks pretty normal. You should try to look like him.  Might help.
Seriously? You are cute, have cool plugs and an adorable dog.  There will always be critics, and it hurts.  But there will also be real ppl too. Hang on and work those sharp eyebrows.
I absolutely do not see how you can possibly give off that vibe, from what I see is a very welcoming and friendly person with incredibly good looks!
Boys are dumb, can confirm. You are beautiful though and pretty awesome to do all that for a guy!
You look like you would give very big and warm hugs! You have a nice smile, that makes me smile, too!
You got nice hair bro.
You have a very nice smile with warm eyes and luscious hair. Lovely dimples, too.
You seem like the guy to tutor me when im having trouble in school. Very approachable.
Who likes to be normal when we can be weird? Weird is good. You are very pretty and I love your hair color! Stay weird!
Those are some amazing blue eyes. You look like a really sweet guy.
You are meant for tv. Some kinda newscast or something important like that.
I cant think of anything to say but wow,  youre seriously beautiful.
Oh honey. Enjoy being single with your beautiful face. Remember your character. If you do that, every single one of those girlfriends is going to have a single friend for you to meet.
You have such a sweet 100 watt smile that lights your whole face up! :D.
Gosh girl, you make everything you wear look good! Also your eyes are gorgeous.
You look super fun and you have very pretty eyes!
Love the way the color burgundy looks on you! Definitely your color.
I love your style, your hair, and your facial structure is beautiful. Keep your head up and keep having fun!
My new favourite place. The world needs more positivity.
You look lovely! You seem friendly and charming and your fashion sense has personality. Your eyes are stunning and that haircut looks great on you!
You are delightfully beautiful.
I absolutely love that hair color on you! It looks so majestic in the sunlight.
You have a beautiful head of hair.
You look great and seem like a nice person.
Your hair and smile look great!  I think you might have mayo on your shirt though :/.
You will break a lot of hearts down the road.
Your complexion is so beautiful and glowy. I love your eyes!
You have absolutely phenomenal skin!!
Unibrows are so powerful and beautiful, my grandmother always taught me to be proud of mine and so I think you should too!
Wow, you are gorgeous! I bet you are even more beautiful on the inside. I can tell from your smile.
It would take a while for me to find someone prettier than you. You are simply gorgeous!
That guys loss. You are lovely!
A little late but just wanted to say you look magnificent!:D.
Your eyes are amazing. They colour is so rich <3.
Things usually work out. Take a walk and get some fresh air whenever you can. I care about you.
Definitely awesome! :D.
Chillin! Cheers.
That awesome fella looks like a rad dude.
Stylish! Love love dark eyes.
Your a good looking guy you will meet a new girl when you least expect it. Hang in there buddy. You will be OK.
I about gasped when I saw your eyes. They are deep and penetrating and mysterious, hidden among a layer of dark tresses.
You look like you could be a awesome guitarist of a sick band! :D.
Piercing beautiful eyes.
You have beautiful, kind eyes. I would totally have a beer with you.
You are not ugly at all! You have really great eyes, strong features, and very nice hair.   You also look like you would be a kind person.   You are quite handsome, and try not to let others make you think otherwise.
As long as you dont look like brad pitt girls rarely hit on guys so dont worry. Its normal.  Try to mske the first move instead!
Your looks are not the problem my dude.
No, you are definitely not ugly. You have nice eyes too.
Wow, lookin good. Keep rockin it, dude.
Looking good! Smile !!
Smile please wed.love to see it.
The color of you walls really shows how well you dress overall so you should definitely be proud of yourself.
You obviously have amazing taste in music!!!
Wow very attractive.
Love your earnings   And yeah you are pretty !
I love the color of your eyes!
Your freckles are very cute! Wish I had some.
Well mirrors cant speak.....
You have great spacing between your teeth!!
What that person said ^                                        !
Those eyes are gorgeous, such intensity. You are a very handsome man, you have a lot to be proud of looks wise.
10/10 would scratch that beard.
Accidents are awful to go through but got walked away alive so things can only get better from here.
I bet you give great hugs. <3.
You have absolutely beautiful facial features. Your eyes are something else.
Always liked a girl with pretty hands. Yours are beautiful!
Beautiful big eyes and full lips. Omg.
You look incredibly kind. Like that guy who gives his friend a hug, without need to ask when they need it at the most. And I love your beard!
You have a solid beard/mustache.
My dude you got a fantastic smile and eyes that are calming and inviting. You look like the kinda dude I would have a beer with anytime.
You look virile af!
You have the perfect amount of hair in all the right places. Looking fine my man!
You look like someone who would go to the end of the world to help someone out. Keep on keeping on.
Merry Christmas, I like your look!
Seconded. Well said!
You are absolutely beautiful and that hat is spot on holy moly <3.
You look very sweet and hip at the same time.   10/10 would introduce to Mom.
Nice collar bones  The whole beanie and side swept bangs is super working for you.  And yeah you like someone who I would drink whiskey with but then also could make cookies with.
You are so gorgeous! Merry Christmas.
You have beautiful eyes.
Your eyes are a very pretty color.
You look like a skiing instructor that gets all the babes.
You have a nice gentle smile. I feel like I could trust you to be a calming presence if I needed to discuss something important.
The hair is radical man! As someone who used to have long hair but buzzed it im jealous. Happy Holidays bro!
You have gorgeous hair. I wanna play with it.
You look like a young Han Solo.
You have a defined jawline like a comic book superhero. Your hair has a good luster to it.
You have quite good eyes.
I like your hair! You look a lot like Jimmy Neutron from that show.
You look nice and approachable and the scenery is beautiful.
You have gorgeous lashes a lot of women would kill for! And a pretty nose that really suits your face.
I found it a few days ago. Welcome!
Same here and awww.
Amen.  Happy holidays! Spread cheer!
Me too! My 2016 was also good, found a girl I like who likes me back, job is good etc. Cheers to you my friend and good luck!
Cute t shirt. Awesome hair. 10/10 would bang.
Is it your first semester?
Why do you do what you do?
Your hair looks amazing! If you ever need to chat feel free to pm me.
I second with the doctor as usual, youre gorgeous! Keep your head up, life has a way of coming back around to help us out.
Your eyes are so kind and inviting :3.
You have wonderful lips and beautiful eyes.
You are so cute!!
Your hair looks super healthy and overall you just look gorgeous!
You look like a younger version of my husband, & that is a wonderful thing.  Merry Christmas!
Beard ornaments are my favorite! Merry Christmas!
Dude that smile could charm the tux off a penguin.
Why the self doubt?
You look like a thoughtful, handsome dude who is excellent at video games.
Soulful eyes and nice hair!
Such a cutie, 16 year old me would have been so into you!  Sorry you feel so bad, life has a way of throwing crap at us but take it one day at a time and you will get through it.
Great hair and great eyes! Put yourself out there, visit new places in town. You never know who you can meet in such places! Sending good vibes your way, friend.
You have some great hair and a great facial structure, handsome by any means.
So sorry to hear that, mate. Love and condolences to you and yours <3.
You are not alone brother.  Cyber hugs and best wishes to you.  Stay sober if you can.
Im so sorry. Lost my husband about 5 weeks ago. The pain slowly gets better, even after just a few weeks. Hang in there buddy.
I envy the guy that got to date a pretty girl like you! Very beautiful.
You look like a cool dude my man.
Your hair is GORGEOUS! Also remember, that no matter the problem it will come to an end. Sometimes it may take time to heal mental wounds. But if you have the determination that you want your suffering to end, just about anything can happen.
You have the most beautiful skin!
You look like you would be fun to hang out with. You have very kind eyes, and your smile is contagious!
Not gonna lie, you look a bit like a young Usher to me.
I really like your freckles!!
You have super beautiful eyes!
65 hours is pretty hardcore. Even though that can leave little time to take care of yourself, you still look great. Plus, putting in that much time shows that you are a very devoted person; your hard work will pay off.
You are really pretty!
Those lips! Ground shaking potential!
LOL THREE OUT OF TEN!  Someone is trollin you bro.
Well would you look at that majestic beard.
I simultaneously want to hug you and ask you for advice on all my life decisions. Also, I want to sit on your lap and carress your beard. Was that weird? That was probably weird. My point is, I think you are mesmerizing.
You look like some sort of eccentric merchant from an RPG that out of nowhere has stupid powerful items.
You look extremely chill, and I love your beard!  Your eyebrows are amazing, and I love your eyes too.
You is smart.  You is pretty.  You is important.   If you think those meds will help, then go. But never forget that everything starts with you.   Keep on fighting those demons back.  You can do it! :D.
You anything but overweight my boy, keep your head up the holidays are nearly here!
Love that smile! Keep it up!
I think you look awesome. And that hair!
U look very friendly and cool.
That sucks! The best antidote for boredom is to go out by yourself and try something new, you handsome devil, you.  Seriously. Handsome.
You have wonderful eyes and I think that colour really suits you!
Your eyes are stunning. No really. They were the first thing I noticed.
You have an amazing set of eyes.
Something something eyes. Something something marry me.
That is such a cute smile! :D.
You look great. We can be our worst critic sometimes.
You look like a very welcoming person when meeting someone new! We need more of that!
Wow, you must have crazy unrealistic standards. You are pretty, and look like you know how to have fun.
Hey man! You look really cute. Especially your smile. I love it! Take care friend, stay positive. Things will be better. I promise.
A generally good chap.
Beyond gorgeous and forever young my beautiful cheeky friend!
You have beautiful brown eyes and your eyebrow game is on point! Wishing nothing but good vibes for you.
Okay your style is awesome. Hair alone is like an 11 out of 10 on the cool scale. Keep being you.
I love your hair, especially the bangs. You have a clear, dewy complexion, too.
Your cute to tough ratio is in perfect balance!
Your hair color is just lovely!
I like your hair and eyes! Also, the lady with piercings is pretty too!
Cat. Cat? Cat.   Who needs men when you have cats?
B.E.A.U.T.I.F.U.L.
What would be the best way to approach you?
It seems like you just need a bit of confidence boost. Keep trying. It will get easier. And before you know it, the whole world will be your friend.
You look like a hunk. I wish, I WISH I looked as good as you.
You look like you became a superhero.
You can do this.
Stay strong, and things will end up how they are meant to.  You are undoubtedly very attractive, and you seem to give off a vibe of someone who is very fashionable! Your outfit is incredible, and you are truly someone who should be proud of how you look!!
You have gloriously shiny hair!
Your hair is glorious and you have very kind looking eyes!  Congratulations on your sobriety!
You have such kind eyes.   #FinalsWeekIsFun.
Your hair is lovely and your eyes are gorgeous!
You look a lot like Anna Kendrick but with a much nicer smile and complexion!
I feel like my friends could tell me you are a celebrity/model and judging by your looks i would genuinely believe them. 10/10 would try to get your autograph.
You look like a really honest down to earth guy. It may take a while to find the girl but when you do, it will be so worth the wait. Hang in there!
Your facial hair is absolutely majestic.
You are beautiful!
You are gorgeous and you have a sweet jacket!
I literally have no idea what you find unattractive about yourself. You clearly have skill, your eyebrows are fantastic! Your hair is super pretty too, it looks like you take really good care of it.
Your hair is AWESOME! I wish my hair had some more curl and body like yours does. Definitely wear it down whenever you can/feel like it.
Those look like awfully nice ringlets to me!
Those curls are gorgeous!!!
Your hair is just like mine. Take pride in those curls. I have friends that envy my curls. I love mine so much I let them grow down to my waist. Love your curls!
I love curly hair.
How can that be considered ugly??
You hair is amazing!!
I love how thick your hair is!! Making me jealous.
I think it looks beautiful. Mine is thin and straight. I would love those curls!
You look awesome! You can do it!
You look like a genuinely good person. Something about the smile.
You look fine, bro. all in your head.
You are so handsome! Seriously killing it. Keep up with the school work, it will all be worth it!
Wait, so Prince didnt die?
Your hair is just lovely!
God you look gorgeous!  Even at my slimmest, 40 pounds ago, I was never as slim as you.  Your body looks fantastic!
Love the lips. You look like an actress.
11/10 you look way cooler than I do, even if you try to look edgy. How do you usually dress? If I would be able to then I would hug you, no matter how weird it sounds :D.
This made me smile so hard!
Majestic flowers and the beard.
You have really nice hair and the cut totally suits you.
Your skin is glowing and you are radiant.
My dog really loves me.
I genuinely want the best for my friends, even of it comes at my own expense, I also have some rather nice abs.
I lost 50 lbs. and I look amazing naked again.
I have really lovely red hair and I am a fantastic singer <3.
I am a fabulous hostess.
You still have a sense of humor.
I am a great mom to my 6 month old, I am funny and quick witted.  I have an amazing heart and would do anything to help my friends or family.
You look so thoughtful, in that you think deeply about things.  Also your hair is so full and beautiful!!!
Nice eyes dude, you are really good looking, for real!
Listen to some music and take some weight off that shoulders, bro.
Hey, the fella who broke up with you really should be put on a list for dangerous stupidity. You look like such a radiant woman, with an absolutely amazing smile.
You look great man! Positive vibes and show your full smile!
Nice jaw man, where did you buy it? American Steel industries? Captain America chin and accessories? Seriously though, you look alpha af.
Holy crap, you are one cool looking fella. Jealousy is kicking in.
Those suit you really well!
That beard is magnificent dude, super jealous.
You look like a guy who gives great hugs.
We all deal with that kinda heartbreak crap. It sucks for sure, but the faster you learn to keep that handsome chin up, the faster that special someone might finally come into your life.
Solid beard my dude.
You look awesome, mate. Looks like you got a good head on your shoulders, too.
Feeling that down and your smile still came out that pretty? I can only imagine how great it looks on a good day!
Channeling Kevin Smith there! Be my friend!
You are a super good looking guy!! Congrats on six years!
I love your warm brown eyes.  They are very peaceful and intelligent.
I suuuuuuper love that hair.
Eyes are the window to the soul and yours show courage, strength and beauty.
Your hair is really awesome. I agree I bet your smile is awesome. Fake it till you make it, you got this!
I want you to wear lipstick. not because you need makeup but because your lips are gorgeous and you should be drawing attention to your beautiful face!
Your hair is gorgeous!! Wow!!
You would make someone very lucky indeed.
This may seem odd but... I wanna take a good sniff of your hair.   If it looks that good it has got to smell good.
My girlfriend and I agree. You are pretty!
You are so so so pretty.
Happy birthday for tomorrow. Do something for yourself you deserve it.
Hey there, 28 myself and just finished grad school. If you need someone to talk to who has been there, pm me.
What?! You look good man! Build some confidence, go forth, and conquer this world. You got this!
Yeah I just stumbled upon this and this place is great! I love it!
Took me 27 years of life to find my partner. Well worth the wait.
This was short, sweet, and effective.
The empiricist in me finds this laughably incredulous.  But you know what, it keeps making me smile, every time I read it.
That was beautiful.
That smile will get you very far in life. Keep on hustlin, brotha.
You are a much stronger human being than I am. I have worked 2 black Fridays during my college job and I could barely keep up with the rush, much less maintain my cool! You have my full respect for surviving this!!
Dude!!! Nice hair!!!
Your make up is great, and the colors look great on you. You look fantastic in bright orange and you have lovely eyes.
Meow!! Cute cat ears and matching eyeliner!! I love it!! You look adorable!!
Your eyes are stunning, lady!
Hi there!  Tomorrows another day!  Chin up, cowboy/girl!
Keep your head up Fam! Things will work out, it may take time and be hard but I promise you will grind through!
You have the look of a Rembrandt painting and like life has kicked you a bit but you are still there and standing. Well done for being a survivor of bad times!
You have great eyes and positive thoughts go a long way.  Psychology is difficult field but with your shining outlook I KNOW you can conquer anything.
That smile could power cities.
That blue color really illuminates your smile and your hair looks amazing!
You look truly adorable.
Can I hug you? You are lovely.
You have gorgeous skin.
Your mother looks very proud! Engineering must be very hard. Just the simplest kind of algebra makes me vomit. Respect to you! It can only go up after a down.  You got it.
Look at that thick, glorious beard!
Dude i love your style! You look like the center of parties. Must be a fun guy to be around.
You are radiating charisma! Looking like a really cool guy.
I love your hair!
I know more than a few guys who would kill for your facial hair. Sweet stache dude!
You have such lovely skin.
You have beautiful eyes. Mine are blue and boring yours are deep I could happily look into them and dream.
You have such kind eyes.
You make me feel better about having brown eyes, because yours are so soft and inquisitive.
Yeah dude, sick beard. Dark eyes. Save some handsome for the rest of us am I right!
Wish i had big eyes like yours :P.
Your eyes and beard are absolutely brilliant. I bet you have a great smile too.
Way to smile even during this hard time. Keep smiling, keep working hard, and I am pretty certain things will turn around.  PS, I like your hair.
Your boss was obviously jealous of  your handsome face.
I dig the hair homie.
Hey buddy, no friends here either. All good in da hood.
I like your swishy hair :D.
What was your day job?
You have a nice jaw line.
You look like an affable dude with a genuine grin. Use it to your advantage!
You look like a good Martin Shkreli.
You look like the kind of person who I can just relax with and not feel pressured to do anything that would require me to leave the house.
You have awesome teeth!
You have such a warm face and lovely smile!
Nice beard! You look like a chill guy.
You have wonderfully blue eyes! I like them!
You look like you would give a really good hug! Seriously, you look like a nice dude!
You look so confident and it suits you well! Sending good vibes your way ~~~~~~.
You look like a baller businessman, dude. Great suit!
Well tied tie. You seem like the kind of guy who could fix a problem with the snap of your fingers.
Is that a flying pigs tie? Awesome choice.
You are absolutely adorable! And talented, too! Child, you are blessed.
Your smile made me smile so thats something haha.
You have beautiful eyes!!!
Little Miss Sunshine!!
What a sweet smile! And such sweet eyes too! Everything about you is huggable.
Love the hair color it can be hard to pull off red but it suits you so well! I can totally relate to the family thing too :/.
Positive note? Positively smokin.
I LOVE your hair~~!  Hey, my husband & I went through 8 years of infertility treatment before having our daughter.  We now have 3 children.  It gets better <3.
I have some expensive wine and a great movie. Just waiting for someone to come knocking!
Feel to free to PM me if you need someone to talk to!
What an amazing smile. Somewhere in between happy and smug mystery. I think your face is very interesting.
You have a car, you are in college. Keep being cool.
What kind of car, bro?  New?
That is the cutest smirk! College is rough but I believe in you. You have the determination, you can do it!
Dude, you have a WRX STI. I can tell from the spoiler. A newer model too. Go for a rip and burn some fuel. Make a video and send it to me. We can both get smiles!
You have a strong body and delecate facial features. You are definitely not the problem.
Fabulous freckles! You will be fine. You look like a strong woman who knows her own mind. Be kind to yourself for me, OK?
You have a cute chin! I know that sounds weird but it really ties the whole face together.
Your hair has such good volume! Looks awesome, dude.
You have incredibly entrancing eyes.
You are so freaking cute.
Jesus, that is some silky smooth hair. Love it.
You have lovely eyes.
You are an attractive man man.
Your eyes are absolutely hypnotic.
Your makeup is fantastic and your shirt is cool<3.
Even with the inflation, you have more money than me.
Yeahhhhh i got nothing.
There must be something wrong with your camera. All I see is a Wall.
Your hairline is solid!
You look genuine, and I mean that in the best way possible.
Reminded me of the movie Amelie. Beautiful!
You are a wonderful and quirky person who has the courage to do what is needed to make a better life for not only yourself but your ex too. Keep making those hard decisions and you will make it through the hard times ahead.
I like your hat.
You have very intense and deep eyes.
Your makeup looks very nice and you have very pretty eyes.
You are stunning.   Take some time to recover and get back out there.
You seriously look good in blue. You look kind as well.
Looks like you can dress, nice smile, and looks like you been lifting so you been taking positive step to work on you.
You look great in a suit! Very smart :D.
Nice PlayStation shirt.
You look like a younger version of the actor Sebastian Stan, and he is a pretty handsome guy.
I think you are really cute and good looking. You make me smile!
Congrats on the weight loss! You are super cute, love the dress.
You have beautiful eyes!
You have a nice sense of style, and you look like you would be fun to be around.
You look cool man. Nice fashion!
LOVE the t shirt dude. Been looking for one just like it. You pull it off well my man, keep it up!
You have bright and engaging eyes.
If you believe reincarnation is a thing.... Welcome back Chris Farley!
Cool style bro.
Live yo life and never let anyone deter you.
