I think it looks good! That trim gave you a nice sharp look, it definitely fits you!
You are gorgeous, and the drawing showed you are just as fun as you are beautiful. Best of wishes while you grieve.
Im jealous of your beard.
I dig your style dude, that cap? is awesome! And you have really nice blue eyes!
You look great! Making the decision to loose weight and following through with it is one of the hardest challenges in life. Congrats on the success and may it continue!
You look ike a laid back Vanessa Hudgens, nice look.
You have a kind smile and beautiful eyes! Stay positive!
I see the face a loving caring human being. The world could use more of that.
Great skin! Great teeth, as a brunette I would kill for your hair colour.
What a beautiful rosy skin tone! Your smile is so bubbly and infectious.
Your teeth are so straight and nice!
Your jawline is perfection!
You look like the guitarist in that garage band that makes my study music by default.
I would kill to get eyebrows like yours!
You have flawless skin and I like the way your eyeliner accents your eyes. Work it!!!
That hat is quite fitting on you my good sir!
Happy birthday!!! You have awesome hair!
You just look like a cool, honest guy I would love to be a friend of. You have no reason to feel down, especially with a stache like that!
Let me take you to dinner.
You look awesome!
Cold fire is an awesome username, plus you look like someone that would be my friend for gaming and a fun time,.
Came here to comment on the kindness in your eyes and others beat me to it. You look so gentle I would want to talk to you IRL and floof your hair!
Believe in Steven! I see lots of love in you!
Blessings your way! I am now engaged to the man I thought was out of my league! You got this!
You look like a manlier Jacksepticeye.
Your hair looks so soft! I have so much hair envy right now!!
Self love is what you need to learn.
You just pulled off a perfect impression of a Mona Lisa smile, dude. Not bad at all.
Yea but I debunked this situation. I crosses referenced both images and the painting in the back matched. Hmu if you want any private investigation done.
I bet you gotta fat trouser snake.
You have a nice jawline.
You are very beautiful! You have such clear skin and cute lips. Your eyes hypnotise me. You also have a very nice choice of clothes and aesthetic.
You seem like a person who has the ability to change the world. I look forward to that day to see what you do!
You have really nice eyes, and your beard suits you well!!
Has anyone else noticed those perfect chompers, yet?
You smile with your whole face.
You look like a person that is really fun to be around. Your smile looks like a good friend smile.
You look like a really smart, capable guy with very thick, glossy hair. Good on you!
You have the luscious locks of a young Elvis Presley and a grin to make Sean Astin jealous. I bet you light up a room when you walk into one!
Never seen a semicolon tattoo before, interesting. You seem like a very warm and caring person and your dog looks very dignified.
The smirk says it all.  Bet you have a great, sarcastic sense of humor.
Great penmanship, I love the asymmetrical heart so much more than a regular one! Also the lovely halls look decked, happy holidays!
You have very kind eyes and great dimples; both make you look quite friendly and personable. Happy 2017 to you.
You have super floofy hair and I want to ruffle it. Your dimples are adorable.
That handwriting on your hand is actually amazing.
Your hair is my goals!!
Smooth face! You have nice skin, no dryness or acne at all. Do you was and moisturize all the time or is it that good naturally?
Your power of facial hair is impressive!
Your lipstick shade matches your complexion wonderfully.
What a charming smile you have!
You have kind eyes and a welcoming smile. Your entire face is like a hug.
Your eyes are beautiful and I have to agree with the other person that your eyebrows are on point!
You look like the girl I was too afraid to talk to input highschool.
You are very beautiful! You have your whole life ahead of you, and if you put your head to it I know you can do anything you want!
Dude, did you mirror your writing on purpose? Smart move right there.
You give off a really positive and wholesome vibe.
Your ability to throw accidental gangsigns is unrivaled.
What beautiful colored eyes you have. They look like a stormy winter day, I love stormy winter days.
I genuinely, honestly, find your very attractive.
Eyebrows on fleek!
You have kind eyes. Keep spreading joy to those around you!
One positive thing about this year: it is over! 2017 can be the new start you might need. Keep your head up and things will get better!
You look great, love the eyes!
That cocked eyebrow speaks to a wicked sense of humor. I bet your laughter is contagious.
You certainly know how to pull off the bald/beard look. works well on you.
You look as if you would be a fun dad who does silly voices and laughs a lot with your son. I am sure he adores you!
You have literally perfect eyebrows. I am so jealous.
Beautiful eyes, and your hair looks thick and healthy. Quarter life crisis? You got this!
YOUR EYES ARE FREAKING BEAUTIFUL.
You seem like an awesome person to talk to and be with!
Way to be! You look lovely, and your confidence and strength shine in your smile!
You seem like you would be that cool neighbor with whom I casually exchange recipes with.
That jawline tho.
Your eyes are amazing.
You have a fantastic smile, your jawline is nicely shaped, and your cheeks have a cute rosy color that I wish I had.
You rock that look man. Wish I could grow a fraction of the beard you can! You look like a pretty chill guy, like I would want to drink and play board games with ya.
Beautiful!!  your eyes show me how truly sentimental and thoughtful you can be.
You have a great complexion! The shade of your hair is also very nice.
I absolutely love your hair color and your nails look perfect!
You have amazing eyes.
I get rejected by women that are into guys like you...I envy you and hate you at the same time.
Incredible beard.
Based on your tie, you obviously have a sense of humor and like to express yourself, both great qualities.
You look like the friendly face i always want to see when i check in! also, dressing fancy suits you very well.
Working that closely with the public cam be brutal, and yet you still seem to have a kindness about you. I love the beard, and that suit is you.
You have really pretty eyes.
Her hair looks great!
She is beautiful!
Her hair cut is lovely! It really suits her face and the inward curve in the end is really pretty!
Such a sweet smile!
Going to a school with mostly guys can be challenging, but you have the intelligence and drive to make it!  Keep those beautiful eyes of yours on the future, and all your goals.
I like your thumbs up doodle!  Haha.
You look very friendly and kind and handsome! Get some rest.
You have your whole life ahead of you, and deserve tasty nutritious food and quality sleep. You are worth it.  You look like you might be a good listener, which is a rare and appreciated quality.
Sounds strange but you seem like the kind of caring person that always knows when to offer a cup of tea or coffee, always at just the right time. ^^.
My mother would be very proud of you for hanging up the towel. You are a lovely looking girl.
You have beautiful hair and a good taste in TV shows.
Your cute and your nails are fab!!
You are a beautiful young woman. Good luck to you in all your endeavors.
Nice teeth, please kiss me.
Those lips and eyes! You are rocking it, for real.
You have a very nice nose and great hair!
Quite the handsome fella. Love your hair and beard, you look like a confident kind of guy, maybe a leader of sorts.
You look like an amazing person and definitely someone who can manage this! All the best!
You are insanely cute,i tell you that.
I could get lost in your eyes, as they tell the story to your soul.
Grill you were dating? What kind of Charcoal did she use? Was her last name Weber?
Your entire look, scar, hair style, mustache, makes you look like the protagonist of an action game.  You look like a BAMF.
Nice stache man!!
You seem like a very sweet girl. I would have been very happy to hang out with you back when I did such things. Keep being yourself sweetheart.
You just look like a dude who is hiding the brightest smile.
You look like a gentleman.
You look so cute and kind!
Freckles are my favorite.
You have a lovely cheerful face and your hair looks so healthy and shiny! Your eyebrows are also gorgeous.
Your freckles sparkle like glitter and your eyes look like jade! You also have just about the sweetest of smiles.
You can make music. That alone is a miracle.
Your smile is radiant and your hair is lovely. Genuine happiness is shining through and through!
I like your simple tattoos. You also have very pretty eyes which I noticed immediately and you seem to have a cool sense of dress style.
Some of the greatest things in life are mistakes. Your music/book collection looks really interesting.
You look like a Norse god. 100% jealous.
You look like the kind of person who would be good to have a drink with and would spin some good yarns.
Your jontron impression is on point! A very good look for you.
You have really cool eyes.
You look like a sweet girl with a quirky smile. 10/10!
You have to have some discipline to have that facial hair.  With discipline like that, you can do anything you want in this World.
You have good teeth.
That hair.. is just amaizng .. no words.
Hes got a wonderful jewfro.
He looks like a teddy bear.
That smile could light up a whole room.
You look exactly like a young Corey Feldman.
Your beard is absolutely glorious. And you have such a friendly look on your face that I got happier just by looking at it.
As long as I have a face, both of you will have a place to sit.
Your smile makes me wanna hang out with you! You strike me as a really genuine and likable person.
Beautiful young lady!
I absolutely love your hair...
I love your hand writing. You look really cute. You seem like a girl to whom it is easy to get smitten to. Also your eyes. They are so very captivating.
I love your eyes! They feel warm and welcoming!
Your eyes: theyre like boom. Your lips: theyre like pow.
You would turn heads at any party with those eyes and that gorgeous hair.
I wish my face would produce such luscious man mane.
You look very young, which is a good thing. Use this to your advantage when you get a bit older. I know I have. Congrats on your paper! Keep up the great work!
You have a kind face! I would ask to borrow your phone if mine ran out of power and I needed to make a call.
I enjoy your style of beard sir.
I feel like you and I would get along very well. You have a rather kind face, very handsome beard. A rather attractive fellow if you will..
Your skin looks so smooth, you ought to be cast in the newest Neutrogena commercial!
Ooo seconded on the eyebrows.
No worries needed, good luck with the girl!
You look sort of like Hugh Laurie, who is an awesome guy. Also, you just look like a nice person. Finally, I enjoy your username.
You have a very handsome beard!
You are such an adorable person! Your eyes are very beautiful and warm, you seem like a kind and wonderful person to be around.
I like how dark her hair is.
Beautiful! I would love to get with you! I bet your personality and character are just as attractive! Kudos!
What are all those medals for? Whatever you won, good job!
Aw, you have really nice eyes and a great full head of luscious locks, congrats! :D.
You deserve better and more friends.
I think your beautiful Jay Leno chin ties your whole face together.
You are rocking that tousled hair!
You look like the kind of guy who loves as unconditionally as his dog does.
I can tell by your tongue you are vey healthy. I love how your nose matches your fur and how your dog tag matches the ocean and sky.
Your beard is so even and uniform! Looks good, friend!
I LOVE that color of hair on girls. If I knew you in RL I would definitely make a move.
Anybody who loves Doctor Who is clearly a genius.
I appreciate the fact that you believe in me.  I too, fully believe in you.
