You look great! Making the decision to loose weight and following through with it is one of the hardest challenges in life. Congrats on the success and may it continue!
Let us see the whole tat!
You look like the type of guy I would like to grab a  set and hang out with.
He looks like a genuinely kind person, someone that could take your edge off just by being there.
He looks like he can tell a good story.
He is the defination of a man who puts the world on his shoulders.
Way to be! You look lovely, and your confidence and strength shine in your smile!
Congratulation ! You show to everybody how happier we would be if we were always our true self.
You have a very rye sense of humor.
Her hair looks great!
She is beautiful!
Her hair cut is lovely! It really suits her face and the inward curve in the end is really pretty!
Such a sweet smile!
You are the BEST GRANDMA in the world. Dont ever forget that!
She looks so young to be a grandma! And she really is aging beautifully/gracefully.
The best part of this grandma is they have a grandchild that loves them enough to share her with the world.   We love you grandma!
You are gorgeous, and the drawing showed you are just as fun as you are beautiful. Best of wishes while you grieve.
That handwriting on your hand is actually amazing.
Your hair is my goals!!
Dude, did you mirror your writing on purpose? Smart move right there.
You have such a cute smile and I love your eyes! You are very handsome and look like such a sweet guy!
You give off a really positive and wholesome vibe.
Your lipstick shade matches your complexion wonderfully.
You have a smile that makes me want to smile. Would totally be friends with you.
You have a beautiful smile as others have said, but you just give off the most friendly vibe.
I like your taste in art.
I love your overall vibe and style! Oh, and that lipstick??? AMAZING!!!!!!!
I see the face a loving caring human being. The world could use more of that.
Great skin! Great teeth, as a brunette I would kill for your hair colour.
What a beautiful rosy skin tone! Your smile is so bubbly and infectious.
Your teeth are so straight and nice!
Great smile & rose colored cheeks.
Your hair looks so soft! I have so much hair envy right now!!
Self love is what you need to learn.
You look and sound like a great mom.
You have a very nice handwriting.
Incredible beard.
Based on your tie, you obviously have a sense of humor and like to express yourself, both great qualities.
You look like the friendly face i always want to see when i check in! also, dressing fancy suits you very well.
Working that closely with the public cam be brutal, and yet you still seem to have a kindness about you. I love the beard, and that suit is you.
As many others have said, you have a wonderful smile and an awesome tattoo!
Na na na na na na na na... BATMAN!!!!  Yay geeks!
Your smile make me smile.
That is the raddest tatoo for the raddest dude.
That is the raddest tatoo for the raddest dude.
Great penmanship, I love the asymmetrical heart so much more than a regular one! Also the lovely halls look decked, happy holidays!
Your hair is like finely spun silk with curls that curve like the crescent moon. 2017 is going to be your year!
You are GORGEOUS. I LOVE pale and dark women. That skin tone with your hair color. Muah! Very jealous.
You look like a manlier Jacksepticeye.
You have great hair.
Yea but I debunked this situation. I crosses referenced both images and the painting in the back matched. Hmu if you want any private investigation done.
You seem like a super friendly person and you are just radiating natural beauty.  Your hair is adorable and I love the way you did your eyeliner!
I love the color in your beard! A real nice red like that is hard to find!
You kinda look like Adam savage which to me is a plus.
Great beard man!
You just look like a cool person to hang out with.
What a beard!  Source: a man who was never able to grow a beard.
Your beard looks great, I love ginger beards! and your cheeks are so puffy and cute.
Your beard is thick and manly.
You look as if you would be a fun dad who does silly voices and laughs a lot with your son. I am sure he adores you!
That hat is quite fitting on you my good sir!
Happy birthday!!! You have awesome hair!
You have really nice eyes, and your beard suits you well!!
Has anyone else noticed those perfect chompers, yet?
You smile with your whole face.
You look awesome!
Get better soon man, you seem like an awesome guy.
Came here to comment on the kindness in your eyes and others beat me to it. You look so gentle I would want to talk to you IRL and floof your hair!
You look so kind and gentle!!! All I can think is I want to hug you now, you look so nice and chill!!! :D.
Eyebrows on fleek!
You have kind eyes. Keep spreading joy to those around you!
Im jealous of your beard.
I dig your style dude, that cap? is awesome! And you have really nice blue eyes!
Cute girl who likes star wars?! Is this a dream?
Nice skin color! like ur eyebrows 8/9.
You look like an amazing person and definitely someone who can manage this! All the best!
You are insanely cute,i tell you that.
I could get lost in your eyes, as they tell the story to your soul.
Take care of yourself, kid, and seek counseling if you can.
Ur eyes are GORGEOUS.
Let me take you to dinner.
You have a very cute face. I love your eyes especially, but your nose is also nice and your smile lights up your face. You seem like a genuinely kind person; someone I would definitely be friends with if I knew you in person.
The second shot is stunning. I also think the bangs work well in the first and last shot.
Beautiful!!  your eyes show me how truly sentimental and thoughtful you can be.
You have a great complexion! The shade of your hair is also very nice.
I love your hair color and your eyeliner is on point!
You look wonderful, intelligent and beautiful. Life is only just getting started, you can achieve anything!
Holy crap, you are super pretty and your eyes are gorgeous!  I am also super certain that you are an amazing person!
Your eyes are hypnotic. Gorgeous.
You are super cute and your hair color is so lovely and your skin complexion ties it all nicely together!
You seem like you would be that cool neighbor with whom I casually exchange recipes with.
You have a beautiful vaccum cleaner!
I think it looks good! That trim gave you a nice sharp look, it definitely fits you!
Man I envy your beard, never really could grow a decent one.
Beautiful eyes, and your hair looks thick and healthy. Quarter life crisis? You got this!
YOUR EYES ARE FREAKING BEAUTIFUL.
You seem like an awesome person to talk to and be with!
Your freckles sparkle like glitter and your eyes look like jade! You also have just about the sweetest of smiles.
You have stunning eyes!
You are cute af.
You look like a youtube star.
The smirk says it all.  Bet you have a great, sarcastic sense of humor.
Amazing smile! And i would kill for that hair.
You have very prominent cheeks which highlight your smile.
Your smile makes your whole face light up, and those beautiful eyes hint at a calm soul with a great cheeky sense of humour.
As a person who loves looking at the skies, I would miss a 1000 sunsets, just to look at your eyes.
Your eyes are amazing.
You have a fantastic smile, your jawline is nicely shaped, and your cheeks have a cute rosy color that I wish I had.
Your eyes are so beautiful!!
Your hair is beautiful, and those cheekbones are to die for!
You have flawless skin and I like the way your eyeliner accents your eyes. Work it!!!
Your eyes are lovely! Nice eyeliner work too.
I think your hairstyle is just gorgeous!
You look like the kind of person that gives great hugs!
You have amazing, bright eyes and a welcoming smile. Also, check out those neatly trimmed fingernails. No claws on this teddy bear!
You have very kind eyes and great dimples; both make you look quite friendly and personable. Happy 2017 to you.
You have super floofy hair and I want to ruffle it. Your dimples are adorable.
You have really nice lips and eyebrows! love your skin tone too.
What moron dumped you? Id date you for that hair alone.
You look like you would fit into any crowd, and still be a standout.
Mother Maria, you look absolutely fantastic.
You look very friendly and kind and handsome! Get some rest.
You have your whole life ahead of you, and deserve tasty nutritious food and quality sleep. You are worth it.  You look like you might be a good listener, which is a rare and appreciated quality.
You look so sweet. I hoe things start to turn around for you soon.
You look sharp, it has a cool blend of looking artistic and cerebral at the same time. You seem like the kind of guy who is great at hanging out and talking about anything.
I like how your facial features are sharp and emphasised.
Looking dapper! Bowties are cool. Always!  Nice smile too!
You seem like a really nice and interesting person!!
I absolutely love your hair color and your nails look perfect!
My mother would be very proud of you for hanging up the towel. You are a lovely looking girl.
You have beautiful hair and a good taste in TV shows.
Your cute and your nails are fab!!
You look kind, creative, and quirky.
I get rejected by women that are into guys like you...I envy you and hate you at the same time.
I can tell by your little half smile that you have a really good sense of humor. You also look intelligent.
Believe in Steven! I see lots of love in you!
Man you just look so happy and pleasant and lovely! I think if I met you in real life I would want to be your friend.
Your eyes are beautiful and I have to agree with the other person that your eyebrows are on point!
You look like the girl I was too afraid to talk to input highschool.
You are very beautiful! You have your whole life ahead of you, and if you put your head to it I know you can do anything you want!
You look like a cheeky prankster, probably fun to hang around with.
Your eyebrows!! and your eyes!!
You are just so gosh darn adorable <3.
You look ike a laid back Vanessa Hudgens, nice look.
You have a kind smile and beautiful eyes! Stay positive!
You have great bone structure. Your cheeks are so cute too!
Smooth face! You have nice skin, no dryness or acne at all. Do you was and moisturize all the time or is it that good naturally?
You look a very fun person to be around, who will be responsible if need be. Happy New Year!
I love the hair.  It has such personality. It feels like it is telling a story.
You look great, love the eyes!
You look like a Norse god. 100% jealous.
Hey man, you look like a movie star!
You have really pretty eyes.
Your jawline is perfection!
You look like Evan Peters, and that is certainly not a bad thing.
You look like a really smart, capable guy with very thick, glossy hair. Good on you!
You have the luscious locks of a young Elvis Presley and a grin to make Sean Astin jealous. I bet you light up a room when you walk into one!
Your hair really looks awesome, wish I had hair like that. But seriously, you gotta work on that handwriting haha.
What a charming smile you have!
You have kind eyes and a welcoming smile. Your entire face is like a hug.
You must have some killer commitment. Respect !
Keep up the good work. Hard work always pays off in the end, and leads to something even better!
You are a beautiful young woman. Good luck to you in all your endeavors.
I enjoy the volume of your hair, and the sweater matches your amazing blue eyes so well!
Dang...you are really super cute! really unique features too!
You look like my good pal who never has anything bad to say about anyone and is generally nice to be around at parties as he is super chill and level headed.   I like those qualities.
Super haircut dude! Those side burns are really nice!
What lovely eyes you have! I sense kindness in them.
You have literally perfect eyebrows. I am so jealous.
You have really nice eyebrows!!!
Of course the hair, eyebrows, lips and skin but what caught my attention was your tee....I love the color and the stars.
As weird as this sounds you look very huggable haha. And I, too, am jealous of your hair.
I enjoy your style of beard sir.
I feel like you and I would get along very well. You have a rather kind face, very handsome beard. A rather attractive fellow if you will..
You look so fun! I bet whoever took you to prom had an awesome time. Your eyes are sparkly like your necklace.
Nice necklace and cool hair!
Your ability to throw accidental gangsigns is unrivaled.
Your hair looks amazing. Seriously jealous of your fierce flow.
What beautiful colored eyes you have. They look like a stormy winter day, I love stormy winter days.
I genuinely, honestly, find your very attractive.
I love the color of your hair. It goes perfectly with your eyes.
I like your simple tattoos. You also have very pretty eyes which I noticed immediately and you seem to have a cool sense of dress style.
Oh god... I was staring at you so long I was worried a coworker saw! <3.
Your skin is so flawless, and I love your semicolon and birdie tattoos! The semicolon especially. Hang in there!
Beautiful! I would love to get with you! I bet your personality and character are just as attractive! Kudos!
Never seen a semicolon tattoo before, interesting. You seem like a very warm and caring person and your dog looks very dignified.
OH MY GOD DOGGO uwu :3.
That cocked eyebrow speaks to a wicked sense of humor. I bet your laughter is contagious.
You certainly know how to pull off the bald/beard look. works well on you.
Nice beard!!! You seem like a very interesting person.
You look so cute and kind!
You are someone I would take advice from.
I bet you would give amazing hugs.
Anyone who cares for animals is a good person in my book.
You are very cute and your haircut is adorable! I also wish you were my coworker, it would be an easy way to hang out and have mega fun. Chin up!
Quite the handsome fella. Love your hair and beard, you look like a confident kind of guy, maybe a leader of sorts.
Grill you were dating? What kind of Charcoal did she use? Was her last name Weber?
Your eyes are so gorgeous!  Look at your face oh my god I am yelling. You will not be single long you will find someone perfect for you.
You have really cool eyes.
You look like a sweet girl with a quirky smile. 10/10!
You have beautiful skin!
You look adorable and a good person to hang on with. Do what your heart wants and never look back.
Your power of facial hair is impressive!
That jawline tho.
Those lips and eyes! You are rocking it, for real.
I think I have a crush on you.
You look pretty I love your eyes.
Going to a school with mostly guys can be challenging, but you have the intelligence and drive to make it!  Keep those beautiful eyes of yours on the future, and all your goals.
The smarts, determination, and grit you exhibit by pursuing your field, in that environment especially, is fantastic! You have those gorgeously colored eyes, and really beautiful lips. A total package!
You look really pretty, I love the way your blue eyes shine.
With that face you must really fit in well with the guys.
I wish my face would produce such luscious man mane.
I really like your sweater and your hair looks super nice!
Dude, you look like the type I could actually chill with and chat about good movies and video games. Also, dat fuzzy beard. :D.
No worries needed, good luck with the girl!
You look like the guitarist in that garage band that makes my study music by default.
You look like a friendly guy and you have nice dimples. You also seem to be creative and have some artistic talent based on your sign. I wish I could draw or had nice handwriting.
One positive thing about this year: it is over! 2017 can be the new start you might need. Keep your head up and things will get better!
You have such kind looking eyes!
Hey, you have a nicely organized closet, that is tough to do.
Approachably handsome.  My guess is girls hit on you and you are totally missing it.
I absolutely love your hair...
I love your hand writing. You look really cute. You seem like a girl to whom it is easy to get smitten to. Also your eyes. They are so very captivating.
I would love to hear you play that music. Is it original?
You have great hair.
You are honestly so cute. I could hug you right now.
You have a nice jawline.
You hair looks so soft I just want to pet it.
You seem like a person who has the ability to change the world. I look forward to that day to see what you do!
You look like Maisie Williams, with better hair and better facial features.
You have a lovely cheerful face and your hair looks so healthy and shiny! Your eyebrows are also gorgeous.
You have a great smile and really nice teeth! Also eyebrows on point.
Eyebrows on fleek. your faces are well defined. looking great ladies.
As long as I have a face, both of you will have a place to sit.
Wow, you have great lips!
You just look like a cool, honest guy I would love to be a friend of. You have no reason to feel down, especially with a stache like that!
You have amazing eyes.
You are beautiful.
You have very beautiful skin which is quite rare, and you look very intriguing and smart!
You have a very nice nose and great hair!
I like the way your fingers look.
Beautiful young lady!
You have a very handsome beard!
You are such an adorable person! Your eyes are very beautiful and warm, you seem like a kind and wonderful person to be around.
What a handsome guy! :D.
You look like a guy I know, who is also handsome.
I wish I could grow a beard even HALF as good as that.
You look like you give amazing hugs to someone when they need it.
You look like the kind of person who would be good to have a drink with and would spin some good yarns.
It takes a special kind of strength to do what is right.
This is vikkstar123.
I would kill to get eyebrows like yours!
You are in great shape and have an awesome look.  The eyebrows are killer.
Love your hair! Those colors are fantastic, the flippy cut is cute, and so are you!
Your entire look, scar, hair style, mustache, makes you look like the protagonist of an action game.  You look like a BAMF.
Nice stache man!!
You definitely look like you would be out hunting dragons for sport if there were any in this world.
You seem like a very sweet girl. I would have been very happy to hang out with you back when I did such things. Keep being yourself sweetheart.
Some of the greatest things in life are mistakes. Your music/book collection looks really interesting.
Your long hair looks cool.
You look very young, which is a good thing. Use this to your advantage when you get a bit older. I know I have. Congrats on your paper! Keep up the great work!
Handsome af and swag.
Good sense of style. That is a sick cardigan.
Blessings your way! I am now engaged to the man I thought was out of my league! You got this!
Your skin looks so smooth, you ought to be cast in the newest Neutrogena commercial!
You look like you have the best laugh.
Your eye color is literally one of my favorites! super pretty!
Beautiful eyes, beautiful hair, beautiful woman.
Sounds strange but you seem like the kind of caring person that always knows when to offer a cup of tea or coffee, always at just the right time. ^^.
You look good in that shirt!!
You look like a dream. 10/10.
You are very beautiful! You have such clear skin and cute lips. Your eyes hypnotise me. You also have a very nice choice of clothes and aesthetic.
I like your thumbs up doodle!  Haha.
I wish I had your eyebrows man... Strong af.
Nice teeth, please kiss me.
You seem really friendly, and I love your curly hair!
Your skin looks so smooth and you just look so adorable!
You strike me as a cool guy to hang around with.
I love your hair!
You have a lovely jaw line!
Your aesthetic is so captivating! Very pretty!
You have eyes that could make anyone smile, a really, really sweet beard, and some really awesome tattoo sleeves going for you. You seem like a guy anyone would wanna talk to.
You are rocking that beard bro.
Your really pull off that hair style.
That hair.. is just amaizng .. no words.
Hes got a wonderful jewfro.
He looks like a teddy bear.
You look exactly like a young Corey Feldman.
Your smile makes me wanna hang out with you! You strike me as a really genuine and likable person.
Your Tattoos=Awesome  Your hair=Awesome   You= SUPER AWESOME.
You look like a mix of the best features of Cara Delevigne and Nicole Ritchie.
The real question is, are you great with makeup, or is your bone structure really that good?
Anybody who loves Doctor Who is clearly a genius.
I appreciate the fact that you believe in me.  I too, fully believe in you.
Why are your eyes so faboo.
You look like the tall guy from big bang theory but you get laid.
Totally agree. Already is quite handsome.
The bald headed look suits you. Many fear their days of lost hair to come, but not you, good sir. You have conquered it and now stabd up to and overcome all your hair wearing brethren. No one would want you to be their wing man at  a party, way too risky.
Your eyes are gorgeous, I love their look!
How do you get your hair like that? It looks so cool.
Your eyes are beautiful!
Ooooooooh Carlaaaaaaa when will you be baaaaaaaaack?
You can make music. That alone is a miracle.
You might be feeling terrible but at least your lips were clearly sculpted by The Gods so you got that going for you!
Your smile is radiant and your hair is lovely. Genuine happiness is shining through and through!
That smile could light up a whole room.
Your hair looks incredibly soft!
Your eyes: theyre like boom. Your lips: theyre like pow.
You would turn heads at any party with those eyes and that gorgeous hair.
You have the look of a woman of mystery, not to mention beautiful eyes.
Your hair looks gorgeous!
Dude your friend is hot.
Your hair looks lovely today, and possibly every other day!
You have very pretty eyes and nice hair.
You look like the kind of guy who would be there for your friends no matter what.  You have a very nice smile and kind eyes.
Your wavy red hair reminds me of the waves of light coming from a sunset that instills peace across the land and sky.    Your demeanour is peace and kindness.
You rock that look man. Wish I could grow a fraction of the beard you can! You look like a pretty chill guy, like I would want to drink and play board games with ya.
You have perfect teeth!
Yeah I second that, your hair is awesome!
You look like you are an honest pleasure to be around. Very kind eyes.
You seem really honest and charming, and I bet you give great hugs.
Nice haircut and goatee, not often a guy actually takes care of that stuff! My boyfriend says your shirt is awesome.
You have an awesome face! I like your hair, too.
Keep up the beard! It looks great.
You look like a pretty cool guy to chill with. Have a good day!
You just look like a dude who is hiding the brightest smile.
You look like a gentleman.
Looking pretty suave dude.
I would definitely approach you at a party haha.
Freckles are my favorite.
I too listened to Rise Against in 2014. You have/had good taste, my friend.
I love your eyes! They feel warm and welcoming!
You are really good looking! You definitely seem an attentive and a great person to be around. Also, your hair looks AMAZING!
I LOVE that color of hair on girls. If I knew you in RL I would definitely make a move.
You look mighty kissable to me! Good luck out there!
Love your hair and your eyebrows are on point!
You look like such a sweet person, absolutely beautiful.
I bet you gotta fat trouser snake.
You have a good hairstyle and a nice chin!
Really like your hair man.
You have lovely hair and eyebrows.
Your beard is absolutely glorious. And you have such a friendly look on your face that I got happier just by looking at it.
You look really metal!
I like your eyebrows.
Physically, I think you have loads of potential.  A few minor tweaks and you could be a stud.
You look like someone I could have a really nice conversation with. Just talking about life over coffee or something.
I love your hair, and your face. So cute!
Purple hair is awesome!  I have purple hair, too!  Also, great eyes!
I like your hairdo dude, I also like your choice in wall decorations.
Your beard is manly and your demeanor says you can own the 90 year single cat lady who slapped you with that violation! GET EM Bro!!
You have a kind face! I would ask to borrow your phone if mine ran out of power and I needed to make a call.
Your nose is a nice shape.
You have good choice in cabinet hardware. Very sleek and modern cabinet handles.
What a beautiful smile!!
Your skin looks really good! Take a breath and good luck on your midterm!
You have to have some discipline to have that facial hair.  With discipline like that, you can do anything you want in this World.
You have cool little ears!
Good enough to date.
You look like a good beer bro to chill with and have a chat about where the world is going to go. I would name you Bandana Bro.
I feel like I want to hang out with you.
My girlfriend likes your bandana. Me too.
You look like Zach Braff.
You have a really nice smile! Also, it looks like you take good care of your long hair.
You look like you give warm, comforting hugs.
Wow! Beautiful eyes and kissable lips... your hair is the perfect length too. What a hottie!
She has a great smile, perfectly straight teeth and fantastic, luscious hair.
You have really nice, soulful eyes!
You deserve better and more friends.
You look like the kind of guy who loves as unconditionally as his dog does.
I can tell by your tongue you are vey healthy. I love how your nose matches your fur and how your dog tag matches the ocean and sky.
You have a handsome face but your hair is gorgeous.
You seem to me like a person who has a great sense of humor and as a bonus knows exactly when to use that humor. Well timed humor is a special skill :D.
Cute contagious smile.
Very cute. Dreamy eyes!
I like your hair.
Your jontron impression is on point! A very good look for you.
Hey, you look a lot like Jontron!  Which is great because he is super cute, and dare I say it, you are even cuter!
Agreed, you look like JonTron! Its a good look though!
I love your rosy cheeks and eye shape/color.
You look like a cute teddy bear!
What are all those medals for? Whatever you won, good job!
Field Hockey or Ice Hockey?
You are young and beautiful. The whole world is waiting for you to conquer it!
Great taste in headphones! Seems like you would be a cool guy and a good friend.
Turn my water into wine, friend.
You seem like a really nice person, and your eyebrows are nice!!
You have amazing hair and a great jawline! Honestly future model?
You just pulled off a perfect impression of a Mona Lisa smile, dude. Not bad at all.
Really cool gauges, miss!
You look smoother than a fresh jar of Skippy.
Love the shirt!
You have looks that would make women orgasm at the sight of you.
Your smile can lighten up any day :D.
You look like you know your way around technology.
Du kannst deutsch, und ich find es HAMMER GEIL.
Kid Rock is that you???
Zac Efron is a good looking guy, and you look like him.
You have a great smile.
Verification pls.
You have good teeth.
I like your haircut.
What girl would say no to you?
You have lovely eyes and look pretty dependable and modest.
Your beard comes in nicely, my beard is crap. I can only grow chin strap crap.
You got a face like superman.
You look like a person that is really fun to be around. Your smile looks like a good friend smile.
Hair game strong!
You are a good looking guy with a kind face!
You look like a really sweet and caring guy. Any girl would be lucky to date you.
Aw, you have really nice eyes and a great full head of luscious locks, congrats! :D.
You look grown up and mature, which is a good thing.
You seem like you have a lot of wit and always know how to make your friends laugh.
You look as if you nearly beat the Toronto Talonflames in single combat.
Du bist jung. du wirst grosses Unternehmen machen. Und du wirst und werden ein heisse stern, dann du wirst platzen dabei du wirst durch den Bekannt weltall abfliegen.
In your next life I could see your manliness fit for a viking, captaining a ship, in the Nordic lands beyond the sea.
You look kind. Kind vibes. :P.
Ooo seconded on the eyebrows.
I like your shirt.
Short hair looks good on you!
I think you give off such warm vibes, i really like your smile. Moar smiles please. .  Please?
You rock that hair like a boss!
Your beard is so even and uniform! Looks good, friend!
