Did you know that in 2013, after more than 20 years of soda being America's number one beverage, water has taken over as Americans' favorite drink?
Did you know there have been no beehive losses in Cuba? Unable to import pesticides due to the embargo, the island now exports valuable organic honey.
Did you know A 19 yr old pizza delivery guy helped save a man's life by performing CPR on the customer who was turning blue outside the house? He said, "I left a pizza boy and came back a pizza man." His tip was 25 bucks.
Did you know that President Lyndon B? Johnson once said, "If you can convince the lowest white man he's better than the best colored man, he won't notice you're picking his pocket. Hell, give him somebody to look down on, and he'll empty his pockets for you.".
Did you know that in 2006, 75% of Chinese didn't know that sharks were killed to make shark fin soup? But now, 91% of Chinese support a nationwide ban, thanks to activism work by Yao Ming and others.
Did you know that a holocaust denial group offered $50,000 to anyone who could prove that gas chambers were used to intentionally kill people at Auschwitz? They were forced by a judge to pay that money, and an additional $40,000, to Auschwitz survivor Mel Mermelstein who provided proof of that very fact.
Did you know of a Malawian teenager who taught himself how to build a windmill out of junk and bring power to his village? He then went on to build a second, larger windmill to power irrigation pumps. He did this all from books he read in the library.
Did you know the world's oldest man is celebrating his bar mitzvah at age 113? His first one, 100 years ago, was cancelled due to World War 1.
Did you know that Adidas will cancel any sponsorship deal they have with a player if it turns out he has anything to do with Scientology?
Did you know of a millionaire who announced he would bury his Bentley for his afterlife? After lots of negative reaction, he revealed the publicity stunt about organ donations. "People bury things that are much more valuable then cars and nobody seems to care".
Did you know that in 2012 when Taylor Swift held a public vote for where she would visit and preform a free concert 4chan users voted for a childrens school for the deaf and won the vote?
Did you know that 'Kung-Fu Panda' (2008) was so successful in China that it caused a national debate on why Westerners made a better film about Chinese culture than the Chinese themselves?
Did you know Harry Potter author J?K. Rowling is the first billionaire to fall off the Forbes billionaire list because of charitable giving: "You have a moral responsibility when you've been given far more than you need, to do wise things with it and give intelligently.".
Did you know Because the number 8 is considered very lucky in Chinese culture, a Chinese man spent the equivalent of $145,000 to secure a license plate reading '88888' in the hope of increasing his luck? On his first day with the plate, he was pulled over 8 times by cops who thought the plate was a fake.
Did you know that the Queen of England once "terrorised" Saudi Arabia's King by driving him around? In Saudi Arabia women are not allowed to drive.
Did you know that diarrhea was the leading cause of death in the American Civil War and soldiers had an honor code against shooting someone that was pooping?
Did you know a 2013 survey showed 91% of Chinese people in support of a nationwide ban on the trade in shark fins, largely as a result of campaigning by ex-NBA player Yao Ming?
Did you know that Anonymous sent thousands of all-black faxes to the Church of Scientology to deplete all of their ink cartridges?
Did you know Steven Spielberg wanted to direct a James Bond film, but he was turned down by the franchise's owners? When he told his friend George Lucas, Lucas said he had a film "just like James Bond but even better." It was a story about an archaeologist named Indiana.
Did you know that there is a popular internet meme based on the Pokemon character Slowpoke?
Did you know that in 1986, nurse Sandra Clarke could not stay with a patient who asked her to stay? When she returned, the patient had died alone. In 2001, she was key in starting No One Dies Alone, a program where volunteers sit with terminal patients who have no one else. The program is now world-wide.
Did you know Volvo invented the three-point seatbelt and gave the patent away to save lives?
Did you know the mobile game "Send Me to Heaven" involves throwing your phone as high in the air as you can? the creator said he made it with the hope of destroying as many iPhones as possible, but Apple banned it from the App Store.
Did you know When Britain changed the packaging for Tylenol to blister packs instead of bottles, suicide deaths from Tylenol overdoses declined by 43 percent? Anyone who wanted 50 pills would have to push out the pills one by one but pills in bottles can be easily dumped out and swallowed.
Did you know Nikola Tesla once paid an overdue hotel bill with a 'working model' of his 'death beam'? He warned the management never to open it without taking proper precautions to avoid detonation. After his death in 1943, the box was pried open & they found nothing but a bunch of old lab components.
Did you know Usain Bolt demands his ad shoots to be done in Jamaica to bring money to his country?
Did you know that a newspaper posted a poll asking readers if watching Blackfish -- a documentary critical of SeaWorld for keeping orcas captive -- changed their opinions of SeaWorld? The results were "No." It was later revealed that 55% of the votes came from a single IP-address . . . hosted by SeaWorld.
Did you know a 9000 member indigenous tribe in Guyana is fighting illegal logging of their land by filming the activity with a drone they built by watching DIY videos on YouTube and taking the footage to the Guyanese government?
Did you know that after Norway banned Life of Brian for blasphemy, it was marketed in Sweden as "The film that is so funny that it was banned in Norway!"?
Did you know that scientists believe there is a 9th planet in our solar system that is roughly 10 times larger than earth? They haven't been able to locate it yet but they know it's there because of its gravitational effects on other objects.
Did you know that Mark Zuckerberg, billionaire and CEO of Facebook, puts tape over his webcam? FBI director James Comey also tapes over his webcam and the American digital rights group EFF sells webcam stickers.
Did you know an estimated 1 in 4 Alabamans are functionally illiterate, meaning they're unable to manage daily living and employment tasks that require reading skills beyond a basic level?
Did you know that it cost $20 million to evict the last four tenants of a Manhattan apartment building to renovate it? The last tenant was so stubborn and savvy that he received $17 million of the money, plus use of a $2 million condo for life.
Did you know that the band Vulfpeck released a completely silent album on Spotify and asked their fans to play it on repeat while they slept? They earned $20,000 in royaltees before Spotify closed the loophole.
Did you know Tic tacs are almost pure sugar but due to their weight are allowed to be labeled as zero sugar per serving?
Did you know, Shigeru Miyamoto, creator of such Nintendo games as Mario, Donkey Kong, and Zelda, has a hobby of guessing the measurements of objects, then checking to see if he was correct? He enjoys the hobby so much he carries a tape measure with him everywhere.
Did you know shortly before she died, Majel Barrett recorded an entire library of phonetic sounds, allowing her voice to be used in future products outside of Star Trek and, quite possibly, as the computer voice in Star Trek: Discovery? Thus, she could live on as the voice of Starfleet possibly for all time.
Did you know that an Alabama bloodhound joined a half marathon after her owner let her out to go pee? She ran the entire 13.1 miles and finished 7th.
Did you know With funds from ALS 2014 Ice Bucket Challenge, scientists found a gene called NEK1 and can now develop gene therapy to treat inherited ALS?
Did you know a 30-year-old elephant named Ben sought help at a safari lodge after being shot by poachers? The elephant waited patiently near the lodge for the 6 hours it took for a vet to fly in and dress his 3 bullet wounds.
Did you know The actor who played Darth Vader, David Prowse, stopped learning his lines after learning his voice would be dubbed over? Instead, he would improvise lines, sometimes speaking complete gibberish, forcing his co-stars to respond as if he had said the correct line.
Did you know after a millionaire gave everyone in a Florida neighborhood free college scholarships and free daycare, crime rate was cut in half and high school graduation rate increased from 25% to 100%?
Did you know The scene in Spiderman (2002) where Peter Parker catches Mary Jane's tray in the school cafeteria does not have any CGI? The whole thing was actually done by Tobey Maguire himself. It took him 156 takes to get it perfectly.
Did you know in 2001 a man wrestled a 7-foot bull shark to retrieve the severed arm of his nephew? After saving the boy the man dived back in, seized the shark and wrestled it to shore where a ranger shot it. The arm was pried from its gullet, put on ice, rushed to the hospital and successfully sewed back on.
Did you know a philosophy riddle from 1688 was recently solved? If a man born blind can feel the differences between shapes such as spheres and cubes, could he, if given the ability, distinguish those objects by sight alone? In 2003 five people had their sight restored though surgery, and, no they could not.
Did you know The Beatles helped end racially segregated concerts by refusing to play at segregated events?
Did you know of a guy who made a chicken sandwich literally from scratch -- he grew a garden, harvested wheat, slaughtered a chicken, travelled to boil ocean water for salt, etc -- it took him 6 months and cost him $1,500? He didn't think it tasted very good.
Did you know that the music used in the "You wouldn't steal a car" anti-piracy advertisement was pirated?
Did you know Cristiano Ronaldo funded the education of a 7 y?o. survivor of the horrific 2004 tsunami in Indonesia. The boy was found 21 days after the disaster, alone and wearing a Portuguese national football team jersey. The boy grew up to be a football player and was signed by Sporting Lisbon last year.
Did you know Yao Ming's conservation campaigns have led to a 50% reduction in the consumption of shark fin soup in China?
Did you know that in 1986, when a five year old boy fell into a gorilla enclosure and lost consciousness, a male gorilla named Jambo stood between the boy and the other gorillas in a protective gesture, he even stroke the boy's back? This incident helped create a positive public perception of gorillas.
Did you know a college student aligned his teeth successfully by 3D printing his own clear braces for less than $60; he'd built his own 3D home printer but fixed his teeth over months with 12 trays he made on his college's more precise 3D printer?
Did you know when 50 deaf Nicaraguan children, who didn't know sign language, were put in a school together they developed their own sign language? Scientists are still studying the unique spontaneous appearance of language and its ongoing development and introduction of grammar.
Did you know the term "Hippie" is derived from the term "Hipster," which described jazz fans in the 1940's? Hipsters were known for pot smoking and sarcasm.
Did you know barns are painted red because red paint is cheap? The paint is cheap because iron is plentiful, and iron is plentiful because it is the final element formed out of a star's death.
Did you know the makers of the 'Airplane!' and "Naked Gun" movies bought a horse just to make a joke? They named the horse All Pink and instructed the jockey not to win but to stay on the inside rail the whole race just to hear the play-by-play announcer say "Its All Pink on the inside".
Did you know that in 2007 a gorilla escaped from his exhibit, grabbed and mauled a nearby woman, and then attacked a restaurant? It was later revealed it was caused by the woman making eye contact and smiling at him several times a week, which zookeepers told her not to do.
Did you know by eating herbivores with seeds in their stomachs and then leaving scat across a large range, cougars are able to plant around 94,000 plants a year?
Did you know: On his second day in office, President Jimmy Carter pardoned all evaders of the Vietnam War drafts?
Did you know that Thomas Paine, one of America's Founding Fathers, said all religions were human inventions set up to terrify and enslave mankind ?.. only 6 people attended his funeral.
Did you know Bomb and Drug sniffing dogs will eventually develop psychological problems if they never find any, and must occasionally be taken on dummy missions to satisfy their 'prey-drive?'.
Did you know in 2004 North Korea demanded that the Czech Republic ban "Team America: World Police" from theaters? The Czech Foreign Minister relied "Obviously, it's absurd to demand that in a democratic country.''.
Did you know Weird Al turned down $5 million, in the late 80s, to endorse a beer company? He thought it was ethically wrong because, "a lot of his fans were young and impressionable.".
Did you know when Monty Python started uploading their comedy skits to YouTube so they could be watched legally for free, their DVD sales went up by 16,000%?
Did you know at a Marine Mammal Studies Institute, dolphins were trained to turn in trash that fell into the pools in exchange for fish? One dolphin was smart enough to hide pieces of paper under a rock, tearing off smaller pieces from the paper in order to get more fish out of it.
Did you know that a man spent 5 months in prison - unaware that his bail was $2?00.
Did you know that a woman created a fake facebook profile of a teenage girl and sent a friend request to her husband, then used transcripts of their conversations to get him arrested? He was freed and all charges were dropped when he produced a notarized affidavit, proving he knew it was her all along.
Did you know Vatican once invited Stephen Hawking to a conference where he had an audience with the Pope? Pope John Paul had trouble understanding Hawking and knelt down beside his wheelchair to hear him better, prompting one scientist to comment that "things certainly have changed since Galileo.".
Did you know blood donors in Sweden are sent a text message every time their blood is used to save a life?
Did you know: Dr Barry Marshal was convinced that H? pylori bacteria caused stomach ulcers, but no one believed him. Since it was illegal to test his theory on humans, he drank the bacteria himself, developed ulcers within days, treated them with antibiotics and went on to win a Nobel prize.
Did you know of the Japanese monster Betobeto-San, which follows behind people at night making the sound of footsteps? It is not dangerous, and can be escaped simply by standing to the side and saying "After you, Betobeto-san.".
Did you know: Leonardo da Vinci's Codex Hammer was purchased for $30,802,500 in 1994 by Bill Gates; 3 years later he released a digital version of the historic diary for all the world to enjoy?
Did you know a woman changed clothes while on a tour of Iceland and people thought she went missing because they didn't recognize her? The woman joined a search party looking for herself.
Did you know of Yale's Stadium Prank in which Yale students disguised themselves as a Harvard pep-squad and tricked Harvard fans into holding up placards spelling 'WE SUCK' at their own football game?
Did you know that despite the NFL making more than $9 billion annually, projected to make more than $25 billion a year by 2027, pays its CEO more than $30 million a year, 68% of NFL stadium construction costs since 1923 coming from taxpayer money?
Did you know of Radithor, a health drink in the 1920s that contained radium and slowly killed its customers? But it didn't cause a public health crisis because it could only be afforded by rich people (unlike cheaper, safer knockoffs).
Did you know - That a woman from Northern England has 4 functioning colour cones (most of us have only 3) and that due to this she can see 99 million more colours than the average person?
Did you know the Hawaiian Pizza was invented in Canada, and is the most popular pizza in Australia, accounting for 15% of pizza sales?
Did you know That obsidian knives are so sharp they cut on a cellular level? Due to this, when used in the medical field, incisions made with the blade heal faster with less scarring.
Did you know that when Michael Foot was put in charge of a nuclear disarmament committee, The Times reportedly announced the news with the headline "Foot Heads Arms Body?".
Did you know that Bill Hader worked at a movie theater in college and was fired for telling rude customers how "Titanic" ended?
Did you know the CEO and co-founder of Spotify was also CEO of uTorrent?
Did you know that actor Andre Royo's portrayal of the heroin addicted character "Bubbles" from The Wire was so good, that an actual Baltimore citizen gave Royo a vial of heroin on the streets in between shoots, saying, "you need a fix more than I do?" Royo calls it his "Street Oscar.".
Did you know The film Memento is lauded by medical experts for its accurate portrayal of anterograde amnesia and is considered "close to a perfect exploration of the neurobiology of memory"?
Did you know Billionaire Daniel Keith Ludwig Had Frozen His Genetic Material, Believing His Estranged Ex-Wife's Daughter Might Challenge his Will? 40 Years Later, and after his Death, She Sued The Estate And Lost, Because DNA Analysis Proved He Wasn't Her Father.
Did you know that Albuquerque, NM, started paying the homeless to clean up homeless camps around the city? The participants must work hard and on average five to six hours a day. In return they get $9 an hour plus a lunch of sandwiches, chips and granola bars.
Did you know Scientology obtained their tax exemption from the IRS by having P?I.s dig into the personal lives of IRS managers and initiating hundreds of law suits against IRS employees. Eventually Scientology offered to drop all suits for religious tax exemption and the US government caved.
Did you know when his teammate died on the pitch due to cardiac arrest, Italian footballer Antonio Di Natale took financial responsibility of his disabled sister as his teammate was her only living relative left?
Did you know that the BIC Crystal ballpoint pen was first sold in the US in 1959 for $0?19. It is still sold for approximately $0.19 even with inflation.
Did you know a woman won $1?3 million lottery.She hid it from her husband and immediately divorced him to avoid giving him half. He found out and sued. Due a Family Code statute that penalizes spouses for falsifying data about their property during divorce, judge ordered her to give him 100% of the winnings.
Did you know A Physicist Made His Cat The Co-Author Of a Paper Because He'd Accidentally Written "We" Instead of "I" Throughout the Paper and Couldn't be Bothered Changing It?
Did you know some free range turkey farms use alpacas to guard their flocks from foxes, since alpacas are extremely territorial and will accept the turkeys as part of their herd, defending them by chasing off predators?
Did you know a Black Robin named Old Blue has become the mother of her entire species when she was the last fertile female in a group of 5 Robins? There are now 250 Black Robins on the Chatham Islands, and have raised their status from Critically Endangered to Endangered.
Did you know that in 2012, a blind woman wrote a book on a notepad with rubberbands wrapped around to indicate lines? Her son read chapters back to her for edits then sent them to typesetters. Once, she gave her son 26 blank pages because the pen lost ink and police helped reform it in a five-month effort.
Did you know a 4 yo kid named Bobby Dunbar disappeared on a family trip, 8 months later they rescued him and reunited him with his family and they lived happily ever after? Nearly a hundred years later, DNA proved conclusively that the kid they rescued wasn't Bobby Dunbar.
Did you know that there are blue bandaids that have metal in them so that they can be found by a metal detector if they fall off a worker in the food preparation industry?
Did you know The singer of Peanut Butter Jelly Time died in an 11 hour police standoff during which time his brother-in-law Snoop Dogg attempted to calm him down and surrender?
Did you know a 75 year old woman was arrested after she took a hammer to a Comcast customer service center and smashed up the waiting room? "It had never occurred to me to take a hammer to a phone company before, but I was just so upset...".
Did you know Prosecutors tried to put wrongfully convicted Juan Rivera back in prison for murder by introducing new evidence of blood on shoes; defense proved the shoes were not available for sale until after the alleged murder, resulting in an evidence tampering investigation?
Did you know a dying farmer scratched his will on the fender of the tractor he was trapped beneath, and the courts accepted it as legally binding?
Did you know two men were brought up on federal hacking charges when they exploited a bug in video poker machines and won half a million dollars? His lawyer argued, "All these guys did is simply push a sequence of buttons that they were legally entitled to push." The case was dismissed.
Did you know Steve Wozniak put a fake bomb in a locker during high school and spent the night in a juvenile detention center where he taught prisoners how to disconnect the ceiling fan wires and connect them to bars so it would shock people on touch?
Did you know Paul Newman made his own food brand just to let all the income go to charity? He also build a camp for seriously ill children. To this day, "Newman's Own" has donated over 250 million dollars to thousands of charities around the world.
Did you know Half of academic papers are never read by anyone other than their authors, peer reviewers, and journal editors?
Did you know Wounded Viking warriors were given strong onion soup? After a few minutes someone would smell the wounds and if onions could be detected it meant that there were serious abdominal injuries and that death was inevitable.
Did you know Romanian sewer workers accidentally discovered a cave which was sealed for 5?5 million years. Movile Cave is filled with evolutionary distinct exotic creatures (albino crabs, worms) which feed off sulfur-producing bacteria.
Did you know Harrison Ford made $10,000 for A New Hope and $20,000,000 for The Force Awakens?
Did you know the scientific adviser to the 2014 film Interstellar spent two weeks talking Christopher Nolan out of having a character travelling faster than the speed of light, as it defies the laws of physics?
Did you know: LEGO Is Investing Millions To Ditch Their Oil-Based Plastics In Search Of Environmentally Friendly Alternative?
Did you know Donald Glover was voted "Most Likely to Write for The Simpsons" in high school? In his last year of college, it was a spec script he wrote for The Simpsons that started his career as a writer for 30 Rock.
Did you know A researcher in Antarctica got a date via Tinder with a woman who was researching at a field camp 45 minutes away?
Did you know South Park saved all scene files used to create their first 176 episodes? Paired with the original uncensored audio, South Park re-rendered all episodes to full 1080p at the standard 16:9 ratio. South Park may be the only pre-HD animated show that has all episodes available in full native 1080p.
Did you know during the 2008 world hops shortage, the Samuel Adams brewery shared 20,000 pounds of their excess hops with 108 different craft breweries, at cost, to help prevent them from going out of business?
Did you know the Cult Awareness Network listed Scientology as the #1 most dangerous cult? Over 50 Scientologists later filed civil suits against them, many using the same carbon copy claim via 1 law firm. After suing them into bankruptcy, the Church bought the name and started the New Cult Awareness Network.
Did you know A report found that, for every $1 invested in the US National Park Service, the American public receives $4 in economic value?
Did you know Shigeru Miyamoto, creator of Super Mario Bros? and Donkey Kong, is not allowed to bike to work because his safety is too important to Nintendo.
Did you know that Carmel, IN has replaced almost all of their traffic lights by roundabouts? This led to an estimated 40% decrease in all accidents and 90% in fatal ones, saving $180,000 because of lower maintenance cost and several thousands of gallons of gas per roundabout per year.
Did you know in 2014, an 8-year-old boy named Tyler Doohan, saved 6 members of his family from his burning house before finally succumbing to the fire himself while trying to save the last victim, his disabled grandfather?
Did you know that Thomas Paine, one of America's Founding Fathers, said all religions were human inventions set up to terrify and enslave mankind ?.. only 6 people attended his funeral.
Did you know Swedish millionaire Johan Eliasch purchased 400,000 acres of the Amazon Rainforest from a logging company for $14,000,000 for the sole purpose of its preservation?
Did you know The man who invented the K-Cup coffee pods doesn't own a single-serve coffee machine? He said,"They're kind of expensive to use...plus it's not like drip coffee is tough to make." He regrets inventing them due to the waste they make.
Did you know there was a briefly popular social movement in the early 1930s called the "Technocracy Movement?" Technocrats proposed replacing politicians and businessmen with scientists and engineers who had the expertise to manage the economy.
Did you know Charlie Chaplin openly pleaded against fascism, war, capitalism, and WMDs in his movies? He was slandered by the FBI & banned from the USA in '52. Offered an Honorary Academy award in '72, he hesitantly returned & received a 12-minute standing ovation; the longest in the Academy's history.
Did you know the first animal to ask an existential question was from a parrot named Alex? He asked what color he was, and learned that it was "grey".
Did you know that Topher Grace of 'That 70's Show' edited all three 'Star Wars' prequels into one condensed film that has been highly praised as a better version?
Did you know When Patrick Stewart was first asked to consider playing Professor X on film, the actor had no idea who the character was? So when one of the producers handed him an 'X-Men' comic from her desk he responded, "What am I doing on the front of a comic book?".
Did you know that Steven Russell escaped from prison by using laxatives to fake the symptoms of AIDS? He then called the prison, posing as a doctor, asking for prisoners interested in an experimental treatment, and volunteered. Once out of Texas, he sent death certificates to the prison stating he had died.
Did you know a scientist stationed in Antarctica managed to score a date through Tinder with a girl camping just 45 minutes away?
Did you know the doctor who claimed that there was a link between autism and vaccines had his medical licence removed when he was found to have fabricated evidence?
Did you know that the Peregrine Falcon hunts by diving at 230+ mph straight down, and killing its prey on impact with a balled foot? It kills other birds with a literal falcon punch.
Did you know scientists attached stilts to the legs of ants to prove that ants return to their nests by counting their steps? The ants with stilts overshot their nest by roughly 50% due to the new length of their steps.
Did you know that in 1987, FBI agent Robert Hanssen was tasked by his superiors to find a mole within the agency after the FBI's moles in the KGB were caught? In reality, he was the mole, working with the KGB since 1979.
Did you know Harvard makes so much money from the interest on its endowment that even if the school gave free tuition to all of its students it would still make a profit?
Did you know The last words of James Bond author Ian Fleming were an apology to his ambulance drivers for having inconvenienced them, saying "I am sorry to trouble you chaps? I don't know how you get along so fast with the traffic on the roads these days.".
Did you know Dwight D? Eisenhower said "The cost of one modern heavy bomber is this: a modern brick school in more than 30 cities. It is two electric power plants...It is two fine, fully equipped hospitals...We pay for a single destroyer with new homes that could have housed more than 8,000 people.".
Did you know That people born blind use the same facial expressions as sighted people when expressing emotions, meaning that our facial expressions are innate and not learned behaviour?
Did you know in the extinct Australian language Mbabaram, the word for dog is 'dog'? This is purely a coincidence and there is no relation between the words.
Did you know Indonesia realized dead Manta Rays are worth $500 whereas Manta Ray tourism brought in $1,000,000 over the life of a single Ray? Indonesia is now the largest Manta sanctuary.
Did you know the group Bloodhound Gang recorded a track called "The Ten Coolest Things About New Jersey"? The "song" consists of ten seconds of silence.
Did you know A swarm of 20,000 bees once followed a car for two days because their queen was trapped inside the car?
Did you know a Norwegian student spent $27 on Bitcoins, forgot about them, and a few years later realised they were worth $886K?
Did you know - 100% of Iceland's population has the internet, the only country in the world?
Did you know that Redbad, the last pagan King of Frisia (northern Netherlands), refused to convert to Christianity because he "preferred spending eternity in Hell with his pagan ancestors than in Heaven with his enemies?".
Did you know that when former president Teddy Roosevelt died in his sleep in 1919, Thomas R? Marshall, the sitting vice-president, said "Death had to take Roosevelt sleeping, for if he had been awake, there would have been a fight.".
Did you know there's a version of "The Tortoise and the Hare" where everyone dies in a forest fire because the tortoise, having won the race and therefore seen as the fastest, is given the job of warning everyone?
Did you know millionaire Michael O'Leary, CEO of airline Ryanair, has his own taxicab company with just one cab so he can legally use the bus lanes and avoid traffic jams?
Did you know that, in a poll asking Americans whether they'd ever been decapitated, 4% or respondents replied that they had been?
Did you know a man walked into a Walmart wearing an employee vest, told a cashier that they were wanted in the office, helped the remaining customer in line, emptied the cash register, then walked right out? He may have robbed 3 other Walmart locations as well.
Did you know that the Motion Picture Academy refused to nominate Tron for a special-effects award because, according to director Steven Lisberger, "The Academy thought we cheated by using computers"?
Did you know That a mountaineer found a wallet in the Andes mountain range? It was swung out of a plane, which crashed in 1972. Realizing the owner of the wallet was one of the 16 survivors, he returned it to him, 32 years later.
Did you know the human brain remains half awake when sleeping in a new environment for the first time?
Did you know a lawyer was hired for a traffic case? Instead of sitting his client at the witness table, he dressed another lawyer to look like the client. When the only witness (a policeman) was asked to point to the defendant in the room, he pointed to the fake client. The real client was found not guilty.
Did you know that the term "Stranger Danger" may leave children more susceptible to abuse because it puts focus on strangers when in reality 93% of children know their abuser?
Did you know that of 2?9 million female high school athletes, only 3% are cheerleaders, yet cheerleading accounts for nearly 65% of all catastrophic injuries in girls' high school athletics.
Did you know the number of vasectomies during March Madness goes up 50+% because guys schedule the procedure during that time so they can sit around and watch basketball for days during recovery?
Did you know when asked if Bert and Ernie were gay, Sesame st CEO Gary Knell replied "They are not gay, they are not straight? They are puppets. They don't exist below the waist.".
Did you know that the astronauts of Apollo 11 couldn't get life insurance, so they signed photos that their families could auction in case the landing went wrong?
Did you know Breast Cancer Cure foundation, Susan G? Komen, have been suing other many small charities for using the word "for the cure" in their names or the color pink.
Did you know that WinCo, a grocery store in the western U?S. not only undercuts Walmart on prices, but is employee owned, offers health benefits, and a pension plan for their employees.
Did you know: The average single male changes his sheets just four times a year?
Did you know according to the US Flag Code "The flag should never be used as wearing apparel, bedding, or drapery", and "No part of the flag should ever be used as a costume or athletic uniform"?
Did you know that U?S. President James Garfield's great-great-grandson is the creator of Magic: The Gathering.
Did you know In the month before the ancient Olympics no wars were permitted so that spectators could travel from across Greece unharmed,?
Did you know that Shaq owns 17 auntie Anne's Pretzel Shops, 40 24-Hour Fitness clubs, 155 Five Guys restaurants and 150 Car washes?
Did you know Mr? Rogers would announce what he was doing because a blind girl asked him to do so in a letter.
Did you know Pronoia, the opposite of paranoia, is the delusion that everyone is secretly plotting your success?
Did you know that on Christmas Eve in 2008, SpaceX and Tesla were literally hours from bankruptcy until Elon Musk was able to secure $20M from investors in those final hours? Two days later, SpaceX won a contract with NASA worth $1.6B.
Did you know in 1957 an airplane crashed onto Rikers Island? 57 inmates ran to help the survivors. Most of the prisoners who helped were either set free or received reduced sentences.
Did you know that a father was denied access to see his premature twins in the NICU when Beyonce and Jay-Z had their daughter at the same time?
Did you know of Jonathan Daniels, a white Episcopal priest who was killed in 1965 after he threw himself in front of a shotgun blast targeting a seventeen-year-old black girl? Both he and the girl had been peacefully protesting for civil rights when they were attacked by a deputy.
Til Sergey Bubka broke the pole vault world record in 1984 then kept breaking it every year after by as small an amount as possible for the reward money?
Did you know Author Joe Hill was so determined to keep it a secret that he was Stephen King's son, his own agent didn't know for 10 years?
Did you know: Fiji Water once ran an ad campaign stating "The label says Fiji because it's not bottled in Cleveland"? The city of Cleaveland responded by testing both Fiji water and their own tap water. They found 6.3 micrograms of arsenic in Fiji water, and none in their own.
Did you know of Margaret Abbott, a woman who competed in and won a golf tournament in Paris? After her death, it was discovered that this tournament was part of the poorly-organized 1900 Olympics. She never knew she was an Olympian.
Did you know Steve Irwin was filming a documentary in 2003 when he heard scuba divers went missing? He and his whole film crew stopped filming to aid in the 2 day search and rescue of the missing divers.
Did you know scientists studied a parrot for 30 years and found he had the intelligence of a five-year-old human? He had a vocabulary of 150 words and could ask for a banana. If he was offered a nut instead, he would stare in silence, ask for the banana again, or take the nut and throw it at the researcher.
Did you know H? Jon Benjamin (voice of Archer and Bob from Bob's Burgers) has an entire jazz album where he plays piano, despite not knowing how to actually play piano.
Did you know Lil Wayne worked as a suicide prevention aid for 50 cents an hour, 10pm - 6am everyday, during his stay at Rikers?
Did you know?..In Switzerland it is illegal to own one guinea pig because they are prone to loneliness.
Did you know 16 year old Matt Damon and 14 year old Ben Affleck created a joint bank account, which held their money from filming commercials in Boston, so the two could pay for trips to audition for roles in New York?
Did you know Julian Lennon had to buy the letters he wrote to his father (John Lennon) at an auction, because Yoko Ono wouldn't give them to him?
Did you know that CVS took a $2 billion hit to annual sales when it quit carrying tobacco?
Did you know Stockholm, Sweden tested a "Speed Camera Lottery" where speed limit-abiding drivers were automatically entered into a drawing to win a prize pool funded out of fines paid by speeders?
Did you know When Simon Pegg was asked by a journalist whether England had not become too small for him after the worldwide success of Shaun of the Dead, he replied "It's not like I'm going to be starring in Mission: Impossible 3?" Six months later, he was cast in Mission Impossible 3.
Did you know Scientists at UCLA noticed that "time and time again" people suffered their first experience with anxiety or depression right after stomach illnesses? They did brain scans after patients ate probiotics, and found that stomach bacteria actually directly affected connectivity of the brain.
Did you know that Bill Murray considers Groundhog Day the movie he was born to make and probably the best work that he has done? Before that movie he was seen largely as a clown. After it, he was a complex actor with range.
Did you know that the average Bugatti customer has about 84 cars, 3 jets and one yacht?
Did you know that when Cristiano Ronaldo was asked to donate his cleats for a charity auction benefitting 10-year old Erik Ortiz Cruz, who had a brain disorder that can cause 30 seizures a day, he instead paid the whole $83K for his surgery?
Did you know That the Sacramento Public Library started a "Library of Things" earlier this year, allowing patrons to check out, among other things, sewing machines and other items that patrons may find useful, but don't need to own long-term?
Did you know an Aboriginal man planted a flag on the cliffs of Dover in 1988 and claimed England for the Aborigines?
Did you know Swedish blood donors first recieve a 'Thank you' text when they initially donate blood, but they also recieve a text whenever their blood is used to help someone?
Did you know bubbles from a bubble bath thermally insulate the surface of the water, keeping the bath warm for a longer period of time?
Did you know The loudest known noise was created by a volcano which created sound waves that altered air pressure on earth for 5 days and ruptured the ear drums of sailors 40 miles away from the blast?
Did you know during World War II, President Dwight D? Einsenhower predicted that people would try to deny the holocaust ever happened, and therefore ordered people to take as much photographs of the Nazi crimes as possible in order to avoid such attempts.
Did you know Deadpool described himself as "Ryan Reynolds crossed with a shar-pei" in a 2004 comic book series, leading Reynolds to believe he was destined for the role?
Did you know Apples originated in Kazakhstan and wild apples can taste like roses, strawberries, popcorn, anise, and many other flavors? 90% of modern apples can be traced back to 2 trees.
Did you know a death row inmate in Tennessee discovered there were untested fingerprints that had been found at the original crime scene? In a last-ditch effort to prove his innocence, he successfully petitioned a judge to have the tests run. They were found to be his own fingerprints.
Did you know New Mercedes-Benz cars will play a short blast of white/pink noise just before an unavoidable crash, forcing the occupant's ears to turn off for a moment, preventing the hearing loss normally caused by the crash itself or airbags?
Did you know comedian Daniel Tosh auctioned props from his show, Tosh?O, to raise funds for a fellow comedian Andy Ritchie with a brain tumor, raising $25,000.Tosh then placed a double-or-nothing bet on a Patriots football game and won, ultimately doubling the money he raised for Andy.
Did you know that Black Friday runs concurrent with Buy Nothing Day; An international protest against consumerism with more than 65 nations globally participating?
Did you know Richie Ashburn hit a foul ball into the stands that struck spectator Alice Roth, breaking her nose? When play resumed Ashburn fouled off another ball that struck her while she was being carried off in a stretcher.
Did you know the removal of Skymall magazines saved American Airlines an estimated $350K per year in fuel costs?
Did you know There were ancient stone tablets in Japan's recent tsunami struck areas with inscriptions "Do not build your homes below this point!"?
Did you know The GoT writers asked to write an episode of It's Always Sunny? Rob McElhenney and the other producers accepted the offer.
Did you know that while John and Clarence Anglin, 2 of the 3 men who ever escaped from Alcatraz, were officially reported to have drowned in the bay, their mother received flowers anonymously every Mother's Day until she died, and two very tall unknown women were reported to have attended her funeral?
Did you know the Seinfield episode, "The Contest" where the four main characters see who can go the longest without masturbating, never once contained the word "masturbation" and won an Emmy for achievement in writing?
Did you know Best Buy used to have a fake internal website that looked exactly like their actual internet website, but with marked up prices, so they could price gouge in-store customers?
Did you know when Benjamin Franklin died he left the city of Boston $4000 in a trust to earn interest for 200 years? By 1990 the trust was worth over $5 million and was used to help establish a trade school that became the Franklin Institute of Boston.
Did you know that "inner speech" (the voice you hear inside your head when you're reading or thinking) is accompanied by tiny muscular movements in the larynx?
Did you know Galaxy Quest, a satire of Star Trek and fandom, is so popular with the latter's fans that it was named the 7th best Star Trek film at the 2013 Star Trek Convention? Actors of TOS, TNG, Voyager and DS9 also have expressed admiration for the film.
Did you know A man named Dean Karnazes has a physiological advantage in that he doesn't seem to have a lactate threshold; thus was able to run 350 miles in under 81hours without sleep?
Did you know Famed molecular biologist James Watson put his Nobel Prize up for auction in 2014 due to financial hardships? It sold for $4.1 million, and was promptly returned to him by the buyer.
Did you know of a Californian care home that went bankrupt? About 16 elderly residents were abandoned, most staff left but the janitor and the cook stayed behind to care for the residents at their own expense.
Did you know a cat named Tibbles once started bringing dead birds to a lighthouse that were discovered to be a new species, the Stephens Island wren? They went extinct shortly after and Tibbles the cat was accused of being the only single living creature to eradicate a species.
Did you know that some police departments in the U?S. are starting to create Internet Purchase Exchange Locations so that Craigslist or similar transactions can be conducted in an area with video surveillance and police presence and keep participating parties safe.
Did you know Eminem's mom sued him for $10 million for defamation over lyrics in the song "My Name Is"? The case was settled out of court for $25,000, with her lawyers taking nearly $24,000 of that.
Did you know that newborn ducks will take on the characteristics of the first animal they see? If the first animal they see is a human, then they will think they're human and grow up thinking they're human. This is called "imprinting" and it's the natural instinct to follow the first thing they see.
Did you know The skeleton found by Tuco in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly inside the wrong coffin at Sad Hill cemetery, was a real human skeleton? A deceased Spanish actress wrote in her will she wanted to act even after her death.
Did you know When Frank Sinatra's son was kidnapped the kidnappers demanded that all communication be on payphones?Sinatra was concerned he wouldn't have enough change to complete the calls. He carried a roll of dimes with him at all times for the rest of his life; he was buried with ten dimes in his pocket.
Did you know Pearl Jam cancelled their 1994 summer tour after they found out Ticket Master was demanding a 'service charge' for fan's tickets? This prompted the band to begin building their own "stadiums" in rural areas where they independently sold tickets to shows to keep prices low.
Did you know it's illegal in Queensland (Australia) to own a pet rabbit unless you can prove that you're a magician?
Did you know that 3 men forced their way into a 67-year-old man's home with the intention of raping his granddaughter and stealing the money in his safe? He agreed to open the safe and take out the cash, but instead of taking out the money, he took out a gun and shot all of them.
Did you know the Dutch built a nursing home for Alzheimers patients that pretends as a village, complete with shops, restaurants, movie theaters, all staffed by personnel trained to care for dementia patients?
Did you know in 1861, slave Robert Smalls stole a confederate ship and took it to the Union? He was given command of a Union ship, became a general then purchased his owner's house and let the sick wife of his owner live there until she died. He became literate and then served 5 years in Congress.
Did you know Juan Pujol Garcia was a British double agent during WWII? He told Hitler D-Day would happen at the Strait of Dover, earning him the German Iron Cross. It was actually carried out at Normandy, earning him the British MBE.
Did you know that several European countries dealt with their rabies problem by air-dropping vaccinated chicken heads for wild foxes to eat?
Did you know that Omnism, a belief system, is the recognition and respect of all religions; Omnists say that all religions contain truths, but that no one religion offers all that is truth?
Did you know In 1898 Nikola Tesla once tricked an entire crowd into believing they could control a toy boat by shouting commands - he had in fact invented Radio Control and was piloting the boat himself?
Did you know Elvis Presley once asked his limo driver, "Do you own this limo or do you work for the company?" He responded, "I work for the company?" Elvis said "Well, you own it now." The limo driver's tip was the limo.
Did you know Iceland is the only country without mosquitoes?
Did you know in Fahrenheit 451 the gov't didn't burn books because they were an oppressive dictatorship? The people voted to ban the books because they had short attention spans didn't want to be offended.
Did you know that zoos around the world are raising cheetah kittens with puppy companions to help the cheetahs deal with excess energy, learn social cues, and combat stress?
Did you know the first man to perform cardiac catheterization, did it on himself then walked downstairs to the radiology department to take the x-ray to prove you would not die? He was fired, became a Nazi, then won the Nobel Prize.
Did you know Hiroshima is one of the only places outside of the United States to observe Martin Luther King Day because he wrote a letter to Japan weeks before his death, requesting to visit the county and spread his message of peace?
Did you know that Charles Whitman, the Texas Tower shooter, asked for an autopsy to be done after his death to determine what made him kill? The autopsy found a tumor pressing on his amygdala, possibly influencing his actions.
Did you know of a monk who had taken an old book written by Archimedes, erased the contents, and wrote over it with prayers? Scientists have determined that that monk erased a previously unknown book by Archimedes, that laid out the foundations of Calculus thousands of years before Newton and Leibniz.
Did you know: Jesus' name translated from Hebrew to English would be 'Joshua'? We get the name 'Jesus' by translating the Hebrew name to Greek to Latin to English.
Did you know that after a 1946 plane crash, Howard Hughes decided he did not like the design of the hospital bed he was laying in? He called in his engineers and had them design a new bed that would allow someone with severe burns to move freely. It became the prototype for the modern hospital bed.
Did you know that Christina Aguilera was criticised heavily for singing the wrong lyric when performing the national anthem at the World Series by the singer of Staind? 3 years later, he made the same mistake when he performed the anthem at the World Series.
Did you know Eminem bought Elton John 2 diamond cock rings for his civil partnership?
Did you know a guy from Sweden rode his bicycle to Nepal, climbed Everest alone without Sherpas or bottled oxygen, then cycled back to Sweden again?
Did you know the satirical news outlet 'The Onion' is now worth more than most of the legitimate news outlets that it mocks?
Did you know that once you become President of the United States of America you can no longer drive on public roads?
Did you know the city of Dallas, Texas has lost every single one of 82 court cases against the same man, Robert Groden, over several decades?
Did you know Antibacterial soap is no better than regular soap at preventing sickness, and children who use it regularly are more likely to develop peanut allergies and hay fever?
Did you know knife manufacturer, Victorinox, claims never to have had to lay off an employee? To avoid this they set aside profits during boom periods to supplement recessionary periods, as well as temporarily contracting employees to other companies as outsourced labour during recessions.
Did you know: At the time of WW1, the King of Britain, Russia, and Germany were all first cousins? When asked about WW1, Kaiser Wilhelm of Germany sarcastically remarked, "If my grandmother [Queen Victoria] had been alive, she would never have allowed it.".
Did you know that there is a surviving fantasy novel written in the 2nd century AD in Roman Syria that features explorers flying to the moon, a first encounter with aliens, interplanetary war between imperialistic celestial kingdoms, and the discovery of a continent across the ocean?
Did you know that once your GPS unit realizes it is traveling faster than 1200mph (1900kmph) at an altitude higher than 60,000ft (18,000m), it will automatically shut itself down in fear that it is being used in an intercontinental ballistic missile-like application?
Did you know Ronald Reagan was 3,761 votes shy, in Minnesota, of winning every state in the 1984 Presidential Election?
Did you know - An sr71 Blackbird once flew from LA to Washington DC in 64 minutes? Average speed of the flight: 2145mph.
Did you know that in the 1920s a Chicago man convinced his wife to pull out all her teeth then refused to get her dentures because it was 'cheaper to feed her with soup than solid food'? She took him to court and he was ordered to get her 2 new sets of teeth and a beefsteak a week.
Did you know the Tesla Model S's roof is so strong it broke the testing machine used to crush car roofs?
Did you know that Guinness brewery supported all of it's employees who chose to fight in WW1? They were paid half of their wages while away, and their jobs were guaranteed upon their return. The brewery also sent them care packages containing chocolate and condensed milk.
Did you know an inmate was forcibly tattooed across his forehead with the words "Katie's revenge" by another inmate after they found out he was serving time for molesting and murdering a 10 year old girl named Katie?
Did you know in 1983, 90% of US media was controlled by fifty companies; today, 90% is controlled by just six companies?
Did you know after Hurricane Ike in 2008, Comcast customers were billed for unreturned equipment that had been destroyed by the hurricane? Customers were charged as much as $1000 for failing to return modems, DVRs, and other equipment that had been lost or destroyed.
Did you know Zach Braff beat up a 12 year old for spraying fake paint on his Porsche as a part of a prank on the show Punked? The scene was edited out.
Did you know of a 1993 proposal to build a giant advertising billboard in outer space that would appear roughly the same size and brightness as the moon? The project didnt meet funding and inspired a bill to ban all advertisement in outer space.
Did you know scientists used $666,000 in federal research money to examine whether distant prayer could heal AIDS, finding it could not?
Did you know the "50% of US marriages end in divorce" statistic is misleading? In reality, divorce rates peaked in the early 1980s and have been steadily decreasing since then. If current trends continue, only a third of today's marriages will end in a divorce.
Did you know A 7 inch Yorkie saved 250 US soldiers 3 days of digging and kept 40 US planes operational during WWII by running a wire through a 70ft pipe?
Did you know that at the surrender of the American Civil War, the Union troops began to cheer but Grant silenced them immediately? He later stated that "The Confederates were now our countrymen, and we did not want to exult over their downfall,".
Did you know the original actor for Dumbledore, Richard Harris, intended to turn down the role due to his declining health, but later agreed to play the character after his 11-year-old granddaughter threatened to never speak to him if he refused the role?
Did you know that during the 1990's Joe Rogan paid $10,000 per month to have a T1 internet connection installed in his house in order to play Quake without dealing with lag?
Did you know a man who was sentenced to 30 years in prison for shooting with intent to kill and robbery requested that his sentence was extended to 33 years, to match Larry Bird's NBA jersey number? The request was granted.
Did you know during a world-wide hop shortage in 2008, Sam Adams brewing company sold craft brewers their hops at cost to keep them in business and has given over 3 million in loans to small breweries to spur competition?
Did you know that jaywalking is not illegal in the UK, and that while pedestrian crossings are plentiful, they are not compulsory to use? Ultimately, it is seen as the personal responsibility of the individual to make a sound enough judgement to cross safely.
Did you know Russell Brand was legally entitled to take $20 million dollars from Katy Perry's fortune after their divorce but refused to take any?
Did you know that Howard Lutnick donated more than $65 million to Haverford College because when he lost both his parents to cancer the college was understanding and let him go tuition-free all 4 years?
Did you know that Colin McGregor, brother of Star Wars actor Ewan McGregor, is a British RAF pilot and goes by the call-sign "Obi Two"?
Did you know Elvis Presley once asked his limo driver, "Do you own this limo or do you work for the company?" He responded, "I work for the company?" Elvis said "Well, you own it now." The limo driver's tip was the limo.
Did you know in 1940, 11-year-old Audrey Hepburn studied ballet in occupied Holland? To aid the resistance, the students performed in secret while Nazi patrols roamed nearby. Applause was forbidden, and later Hepburn said, "The best audience I ever had made not a single sound at the end of my performance.".
Did you know there is a town in Alaska with 217 residents and everybody lives in the same 14 story building? It includes a school, hospital, church, and grocery store.
Did you know when scientists first realized that American gay men and Africans in France were both suffering from the same disease (AIDS), French researchers sent over a sample to be tested? But a scientist with a grudge against the French institute switched out the sample, setting research back years.
Did you know that during the cold war, when navy divers repairing a whale enclosure heard a human-like voice saying "out, out, out," and got out of the water to see nobody, they found out that a beluga whale named "Noc" had learned to mimic human speech and was trying to communicate with them?
Did you know there is a fine dining restaurant located inside a gas station in Texas? Sometime around 2003, Nigerian born Franson Nwaeze was denied a bank loan to open a restaurant. Undeterred, Franson applied for a loan to open a gas station instead, which the bank approved. The result: Chef Point.
Did you know that Blockbuster had the chance to buy Netflix for 50 million in 2000 but turned it down to go into business with Enron?
Did you know that a man sued Pepsi when he found a mouse in his Mountain Dew? Pepsi attorneys stated that Mountain Dew will dissolve a mouse in 30 days, and showed his can was purchased 74 days after being manufactured.
Did you know: Firefighters would hide in Ground Zero rubble so that dogs could find "survivors"? Constantly finding bodies was leading to high stress in the dogs as they thought they were failing.
Did you know that "Butt" is a medieval unit of measurement for wine? A butt load of wine is 129 gallons.
Did you know of 'The World' a cruise ship where residents can permanently live as it travels around the globe?
Did you know that David Bowie's first TV appearance was in 1964 at the age of 17, but was not for his music; he was interviewed on the BBC's Tonight show as the founder of 'The Society of the Prevention of Cruelty to Long-Haired Men'?
Did you know Dan Aykroyd has a documentary that is him smoking cigarettes and talking about UFOs for 83 minutes?
Did you know: Kid Rock demanded ticket prices for his 2013 tour be set at $20 and beers be $4 for a 12 ounce? He also withheld at least 1000 tickets a night that could not go to ticket master.
Did you know believing that his comic strip , 'Calvin and Hobbes,' only works in print form, cartoonist Bill Watterson has refused to ever sell the film rights to his comics and has turned down offers from Steven Spielberg and Pixar?
Did you know that an episode of Peppa Pig had to be banned in Australia because it showed Peppa being friendly to spiders, which was not considered safe for kids due to the toxicity of many Australian species?
Did you know crows in New Caledonia were found to be bending twigs into hooks to extract food hidden in wooden logs? This confirms that wild birds can make tools.
Did you know: There's an anime and manga in Japan called Saint Young Men, which is about Jesus and Buddha living as roommates in Tokyo while taking a vacation on Earth and attempting to understand Japanese society?
Did you know a man in the United Kingdom was so fed up that his city wasn't repairing potholes, he went and spray painted penises on them, earning him the nickname "Wanksy"?
Did you know that in order to preserve the state's natural beauty, billboards are completely banned in the state of Vermont and have been for over 45 years?
Did you know that during prohibition, grape farmers would make semi-solid grape concentrates called wine bricks, which were then sold with the warning "After dissolving the brick in a gallon of water, do not place the liquid in a jug away in the cupboard for twenty days, because then it would turn into wine"?
Did you know McDonald's paid Justin Timberlake an estimated $6 million dollars to sing ba-da-ba-ba-bah as part of their I'm loving it as campaign?
Did you know Light Bulb Manufacturers formed a Market Controlling 'Cartel' that disallowed 1000 Hour+ lightbulbs, and threatened legal action to any company who did?
Did you know Radio Shack sued Auto Shack forcing them to change their name to AutoZone? 20 years later, AutoZone sued Radio Shack for using "POWERZONE" in their stores.
Did you know An octopus named Inky escaped into the ocean from New Zealand's Nat'l Aquarium? He slipped out of his enclosure via a small opening, slid across the floor during the night and squeezed his body through a pipe leading to the ocean.
Did you know the longest study of humans ever conducted, the 75 years long Harvard Grant Study, found that professional success in life comes from having done chores as a kid?
Did you know magic mushrooms may give users trippy experiences by creating a hyperconnected brain? The active ingredient in the psychedelic drug, psilocybin, seems to completely disrupt the normal communication networks in the brain, by connecting "brain regions that don't normally talk together.".
Did you know Director Robert Zemeckis, who has approval over all films in the Back to the Future franchise, says that he will block all attempts to remake or reboot the original film?
Did you know that the Starbucks at the CIA headquarters is not allowed to take names for orders?
Did you know that in 1995 the Church of Scientology imprisoned, dehydrated and starved a mentally ill woman for 17 days until she died?
Did you know that blond hair in humans developed only 11,000 years ago as an evolutionary response to the lack of sunlight in Northern Europe to enable more Vitamin D synthesis?
Did you know the first black-white interracial kiss on American television was on an episode of Star Trek? However, the producers were worried about the show being banned in the South because of it, and tried to shoot alternate versions of the shot. The actors intentionally flubbed those shots.
Did you know of a Chinese general with 100 troops who had to defend a town against 150,000? He told his men to hide, flung open the gates and sat on the walls playing a lute. The opposing general, certain it was a trap, ordered a retreat.
Did you know there is a territory in Costa Rica called Territorio De Zaguates (Land of the Strays) which is basically a huge no kill dog shelter where you can hike for free with the dogs?
Did you know that the first Olympic disqualification for drug use was against a Swedish pentathlete who drank two beers before his shooting event to calm his nerves?
Did you know two high school students rode their horses to school on 'no vehicles to school day', and were suspended?
Did you know there was Chinese general who defended a town against 150,000 soldiers with only a lute and his reputation for being clever? He opened the gates and sat on the town wall playing the lute. The opposing general thought it was a trap and retreated.
Did you know that an $80 worth of coca leaves, from a Colombian peasant, can sell for $800 as coca paste, $2,147 as pure cocaine in Colombian ports, $34,000 just over the US border, and $120,000 on the streets of New York?
Did you know that tapes revealed that Enron shut down a power station in California and created an artificial power shortage, deliberately aggravating the 2001 California Energy Crisis, so they could raise prices and cost residents billions in surcharges?
Did you know Gene Wilder died at home while listening to one of his favorite songs - "Over the Rainbow" sung by Ella Fitzgerald?
Did you know that NPR posted a link "Why doesn't America read anymore?" to their facebook page; the link led to an April Fool's message saying that many people comment on a story without ever reading the article & asking not to comment if you read the link; people commented immediately on how they do read?
Did you know During a nuclear scare in 1960, the President of France secretly went to the President of the United States and told him "I do not know what Khrushchev is going to do, nor what is going to happen, but whatever he does?... I want you to know that I am with you to the end.".
Did you know A woman married 25 years who quickly divorced her husband without telling him she had just won the lottery was forced to pay him all of her winnings?
Did you know that Peter Cushing and Christopher Lee would go to theaters to watch Looney Tunes cartoons together and were once kicked out for laughing too hard?
Did you know that a "tramp" is someone who only works when forced to, a "bum" does not work at all, and a "hobo" is a traveling worker?
Did you know when Spielberg first showed John Williams a cut of Schindler's List, Williams was so moved he had to take a walk outside to collect himself? Upon his return, Williams told Spielberg he deserved a better composer. Spielberg replied, "I know, but they're all dead.".
Did you know in 1992, a shipping container filled with 28,000 rubber duckies was lost at sea? To this day, they're still being found around the world.
Did you know nearly 40% of the medical advice given on the Dr? Oz show has no scientific evidence backing it up.
Did you know German interrogator Hanns Scharff was against using physical torture on POWs? He would instead take them out to lunch, on nature walks and to swimming pools, where they would reveal information on their own. After the war he moved to the US and became a mosaic artist.
Did you know that on the 1 year anniversary of it's completion, the Mars Rover "Curiosity" sang itself Happy Birthday? All alone. On Mars.
Did you know a 12-year-old boy spent 2 years collecting over 160,000 bottles after school and donated all the money he made ($2,700) to orphans in an AIDS epidemic region in China? He also donated his personal savings ($30) and collected 800 books to give to the children.
Did you know The Netherlands Closed Eight Prisons Due To Lack Of Criminals?
Did you know the parody national anthem of Kazakhstan from Borat was accidentally downloaded and played for a Kazakh gold medalist in shooting?
Did you know that Michigan has a bottle deposit of 10 cents, instead of the usual 5 cents? Their recycle rate is 97%, compared to 70% of states with bottle deposits, compared to 33% for states without any deposit laws.
Did you know of Richard Jewell, a security guard who was a national hero, when he saved hundreds of people by spotting a bomb at the 1996 Olympics? He was later wrongly accused of the crime, enduring a trial by media - which took a toll on him personally and professionally.
Did you know Alfred Hitchcock shot no more footage than absolutely necessary, on the irrefutable premise that the studio could hardly throw anything out of his movies if there was nothing else to put in?
Did you know in the 18th century many prominent voices were concerned by an 'epidemic' affecting young people whereby they were spending too much time reading books? It was diagnosed as 'a dangerous disease' called 'reading rage, reading fever, reading mania or reading lust.'.
Did you know that Alice Walton, heir to the Wal-Mart fortune and one of the richest people in the world, has had a history of reckless collisions? Her latest DWI arrest was expunged after the Texas trooper who arrested her was mysteriously suspended, and the statute of limitations was allowed to expire.
Did you know that when the Queen dies, no comedy programming on BBC will be aired for 12 days?
Did you know that children born blind still smile, meaning smiling is not a learned response - its something humans do innately?
Did you know that in the film The Dark Knight, the man who shouted "we are not intimidated by thugs," to the Joker, was actually Patrick Leahy, the senior senator from Vermont and a self-confessed batman fan? He has appeared in a cameo role for every other Batman film since Batman Forever.
Did you know that Lord Collingwood, Nelson's second in command at the Battle of Trafalgar, would carry a pocket full of acorns on walks in the countryside, planting them as he went so the 'Navy would never want for oaks to build the fighting ships upon which the country's safety depended?'.
Did you know Joe Pyne once started his interview with Frank Zappa by saying "So I guess your long hair makes you a woman?" to which Zappa responded "So I guess your wooden leg makes you a table!".
Did you know that the Hindu religion states that science only offers a limited view of reality, but all it offers is right and correct, meaning that the religion by it's nature cannot contradict science, leading to the the majority of even highly religious Hindus accepting evolution as fact?
Did you know that a New Orleans police officer committed an armed robbery murdering a uniformed policeman and two employees of a restaurant in the process? One employee hid in the freezer and was spared; the officer returned to "investigate" the crime, and was identified by the survivor as the shooter.
Did you know: Christian Bale went to his lunch meeting with 'American Psycho' writer Bret Easton Ellis as Patrick Bateman? Ellis became so uncomfortable with it that he had to ask Bale to stop the act.
Did you know that Muhammad Ali painted his friend Joe Frazier as an uncle tom, turning many against Frazier? Frazier's children were bullied and he received threats. Ali promised that he would crawl across the ring and call Frazier the greatest if he beat him, which he refused to do after losing to Frazier.
Did you know that in 2015, two day care employees in New Jersey were imprisoned for running a toddler fight club among a dozen boys and girls aged 4-6?
Did you know that the show 'Firefly' has been permanently added to the International Space Station as a form of entertainment for the station's crews?
Did you know Daniel Balsam is a US man who got so infuriated with constant email spam that he quit his job, got a law degree and has so far earned over 1 million USD in court judgements against the spammers?
Did you know During the Black Death, incoming ships were forced to wait for 40 days to prevent possible infection? The Italian word for 40, "quaranta", is where we get the word "quarantine".
Did you know all telephone service in the US and Canada was silenced for one minute on August 4th, 1922 to mark the funeral of Alexander Graham Bell?
Did you know Scientists have recently discovered repeating radio signals coming from a mysterious source well beyond the Milky Way? While one-off fast radio bursts (FRBs) have been detected in the past, this is the first time multiple signals have been detected coming from the same place in space.
Did you know Charlie Sheen once spent over $6,500 for 2,615 seats in left field of Anaheim Stadium, determined to catch a home run with 3 of his friends? No home runs were hit that day.
Did you know during an interview about the casting of Jean-Luc Picard, Gene Roddenberry was asked by a reporter, "Surely they would have cured baldness by the 24th century?" Roddenberry answered, "In the 24th century, they wouldn't care?".
Did you know anyone can purchase a Volvo and get a free trip from the US to Sweden to tour the factory and test drive your car in the land that it was built? All costs including airfare and shipping the car to the US are complimentary.
Did you know a pedophile in Thailand posted a picture of himself with a swirl effect on his face, allowing the Interpol to unswirl the image back and arrest him?
Did you know Elephants are one of the few (if not the only) animals who can understand human pointing, without any training?
Did you know that in 1984, the New Zealand Prime Minister got drunk and decided to spontaneously call a general election, which he lost?
Did you know that Trey Parker initially thought that the South Park episode "Make Love, Not Warcraft" would be the end of South Park's positive reputation? The episode is considered one of the best by fans.
Did you know The world's largest concentration of nukes is housed 20 miles NW of Seattle, and it's defended by trained dolphins?
Did you know Katy Perry's parents wouldn't let her eat Lucky Charms as a child, because the word "luck" was considered satanic?
Did you know in 1986, when a five year old boy fell into a gorilla enclosure and lost consciousness, a large male gorilla named Jambo stood between the boy and the other gorillas in a protective gesture, even stroking the boy's back? The incident helped create a positive public perception of gorillas.
Did you know J?J. Thomson won the Nobel in Physics (1906) when he showed electrons were particles. His son won it in 1937 for showing that electrons are waves.
Did you know the concept of the "rap battle" has existed since the 5th century, where poets would engage in "flyting," a spoken word event where poets would insult one another in verse? The Norse god Loki is noted as having insulted other gods in verse.
Did you know Walmart Loses $3 Billion a Year to Theft?
Did you know That Alfred Hitchcock filmed a Holocaust Documentary in 1945 and will be broadcast this year after being hidden for 70 years!
Did you know a man called "Paz" snuck into Paris Hilton's 30th birthday party, stole her $3200 red velvet cake, and gave it away to the homeless of Los Angeles?
Did you know that in 2012 a Manchester couple jokingly invited Queen Elizabeth to their wedding, the Queen accepted and made an appearance along with Prince Philip?
Did you know there's a hotline filmmakers can call for science advice with the goal of helping filmmakers incorporate accurate science into their films?
Did you know that the current CEO of YouTube, Susan Wojcicki, is the woman who rented her garage to Larry Page and Sergey Brin in 1998 when they were creating Google?
Did you know Journalist Jon Snow declined an OBE (Order of the British Empire) because he believes working journalists should not take honours from those about whom they report?
Did you know The only character to appear, played by the same actor, in 10 different series is Richard Belzer's Detective John Munch? He has appeared as this character in crossover shows ranging from X-Files to Arrested Development. His character has even been on five different TV networks.
Did you know that a complaint among test audiences for the film Good Night, and Good Luck, was that the actor playing Joseph McCarthy was too over the top and wasn't believable, not realizing that the film used actual archive footage of McCarthy himself?
Did you know there was a song written in the 1630s that was performed only in the Sistine Chapel? The Vatican kept the composition of the piece secret for 150 years until the 14-year-old Mozart listened to the piece two times, transcribed it from memory, and produced the first unauthorized copy of the song.
Did you know that the reason Top 40 has specifically forty singles is because standard jukebox machines held 40 songs at that time?
Did you know President James K? Polk is nicknamed by some historians "the least known consequential president." He promised to serve just one term, and he achieved ALL of the agenda he set at the beginning of his term.
Did you know that when one hermit crab finds a bigger shell, a gang of them will sometimes form a "vacancy chain" in which they queue up from smallest to largest and all move one shell up?
Did you know a man created an armored bulldozer in secret, and used it to exact revenge on a town before killing himself? It cost the town $7M in damages.
Did you know that in 2010 Microsoft banned a user from Xbox Live for putting Fort Gay (A real location in West Virginia) as his address? Microsoft refused to believe that Fort Gay actually existed, and eventually took an appeal from the towns Mayor David Thompson for the issue to be corrected.
Did you know during Napoleon's coronation in 1804, the new emperor crowned himself, instead of having the Pope put the crown on his head, to symbolize he was becoming emperor based on his own merit and not the will of God?
Did you know Most of the money George Clooney makes off his Nespresso commercials, he spends on a satellite that surveils over the border of North and South Sudan to keep an eye on criminal and dictator Omar al-Bashir to track his vicious army in an attempt to warn civilians before attacks occur?
Did you know that whenever you move your eyes quickly from one point to another point, there is a disconnect between your eyes and brain, so your perception of time stretches backwards slightly? This is why, when you first look at a clock, it appears to take longer than a second to move.
Did you know actor Kevin James was the number one spot on his high school wrestling team, until he had a season ending back injury? His friend took over his place and became WWE star Mick Foley.
Did you know that scientists created a completely enclosed, artificial environment called Biosphere 2 and made one mistake that caused all the trees to fall down before maturation: there was no wind so trees failed to develop stress wood, which is necessary for them to stand?
Did you know in 1942 a British forest guard in India made an alarming discovery? Some 16,000 feet above sea level, at the bottom of a small valley, was a frozen lake absolutely full of skeletons.
Did you know Christopher Lee not only was a huge Tolkien fan as far back as when the books were written but he actively shaped his career so that he could play a wizard when the films are eventually made?
Did you know during the late 1800s a baboon was employed by the railroad as a signalman? He never once made a mistake and worked for the railroad until his death.
Did you know that German internet users have a 23-year-old meme where they pretend the town of Bielefeld (330,000) does not exist?
Did you know: A man memorized the French dictionary to win the French Scrabble Championship, he does not speak French?
Did you know when a Virginia school board tried to ban "To Kill a Mockingbird" as immoral, author Harper Lee wrote a letter asking if the board members were literate and donated money to enroll them in the first grade?
Did you know Calling football "soccer" originated in Britain 200 years ago? It wasn't until the 1980s that Britain began to phase out the name because it was "too American".
Did you know in 1962 Pres? Kennedy invited 49 Nobel Laureates for dinner at the White House. Kennedy remarked, "I think this is the most extraordinary collection of talent, of human knowledge, that has ever been gathered at the White House, with the possible exception of when Thomas Jefferson dined alone.".
Did you know one of Frank Abagnale's (Catch Me If You Can) first cons was to buy a security guard costume, and place a sign over a bank drop box saying "Out of Service, Place deposits with security guard on duty"? He later stated he was shocked it worked, commenting "How can a drop box be out of service?".
Did you know in 2001, a ten-year-old named Laura Buxton, released a balloon with her name and address in the hope of finding a pen pal? The balloon traveled 140 miles before coming down and was found by an almost-ten-year old also named Laura Buxton. They share a number of other similarities.
Did you know that convicted murderer Philip Workman declined a last meal, instead requesting that a large vegetarian pizza be given to a homeless person in Nashville? His request was refused, but in response, people all over the state donated pizzas to homeless shelters.
Did you know Bill Gates received an honorary knighthood from the Queen but as an American cannot use the title "Sir"?
Did you know in 2008, 9-year-old Nathan Thomson was stabbed in the face as he fought an armed intruder who tried to kill his mother, who was stabbed 8 times? After saving his mother from the slasher, he has been recommended for a bravery award by one of Scotland's senior law officers for his heroic act.
Did you know that the Church of Scientology now owns the "Cult Awareness Network" after they sued the originally Cult Awareness Network for calling them a cult?
Did you know MythBusters confirmed the myth that a scuba diver can wear a tuxedo underneath his drysuit, go underwater, resurface, strip off his scuba gear, and be able to present the tuxedo at a yacht party in the harbour as in James Bond Goldfinger?
Did you know Jim Carrey offered Nicolas Cage to co-star with him in 'Dumb and Dumber' (1994), however Cage wanted to do a much smaller movie instead called Leaving Las Vegas? 'Leaving Las Vegas' (1995) ended up earning Nicolas Cage an Academy Award for Best Actor in 1996.
Did you know that the Guinness World Records stopped awarding the fattest cats or any other animal to discourage deliberate overfeeding?
Did you know that Weird Al Yankovic turned down a $5 million beer endorsement because he said "a lot of my fans are young and impressionable"?
Did you know William Still, the father of the Underground Railroad, interviewed and kept records of every escaped slave he came across? Once, while interviewing a man, he discovered that the man was actually his long-lost brother.
Did you know in a private cemetery in Arkansas, a woman single-handedly buried and gave funerals to more than 40 gay men during the height of the AIDS epidemic, when their families wouldn't claim them?
Did you know that on April 1, 1974, the local residents of Sitka, Alaska woke to their nearby dormant volcano, Mount Edgecumbe, billowing out black smoke? When a Coast Guard pilot came closer to investigate, he found 70 tires burning and the words "APRIL FOOL" spray painted into the snow.
Did you know They Might Be Giants (the band) used to dress up in disguise and pretend to be a cover band of themselves called Sapphire Bullets and would open for themselves?
Did you know In 1833, Britain used 40% of its national budget to buy freedom for all slaves in the Empire?
Did you know When President Ronald Reagan has been admitted to a hospital in 1981 due to being shot by John Hinckley Jr?, he joked "Please tell me you're all Republicans." To which a surgeon who was a liberal democrat himself replied, "We're all Republicans today.".
Did you know that Dr Seuss's first book was rejected 20+ times? He was on his way to burn it when he ran into a college friend who had just been made children's editor at Vanguard Press. Seuss later said, 'If I'd been going down the other side of Madison Ave, I'd be in the dry-cleaning business today.'.
Did you know that in order to popularize potatoes in France, Antoine-Augustin Parmentier placed armed guards around his potato fields, instructing the guards to accept all bribes and allow people to "steal" the crop?
Did you know that Matthew McConaughey, with no acting experience, met a producer at a bar at 330 in the morning, the producer asked him to come down to a set at 930 that morning? In six hours, his career was launched with Dazed and Confused.
Did you know African continent is being split into two due to the birth of a new ocean? In 2005, an 8 meter wide and 60km long stretch of the earth opened up over a period of just ten days.
Did you know that in 1985, the Enoch Pratt Free Library in Baltimore held a youth rap contest? The winner was 14-year-old Tupac Shakur.
Did you know During the AIDS epidemic of the 1980s, education about the disease was limited for political reasons? Surgeon General C. Everett Koop ended up infuriating members of both parties after he ordered that every home in America be mailed a letter explaining what AIDS was and how to protect from it.
Did you know a California girl sued the Boy Scouts of America after they wouldn't let her join because of her gender? She lost.
Did you know: Three soviet engineers volunteered their lives at Chernobyl to release water from the broken reactor? Had they not done this, the resulting fallout would have covered most of Europe. All three men died within two weeks.
Did you know Ross Rebagliati, the first man to win Gold in Snowboarding in the Olympics only to be DQ'd for marijuana, now owns a medical marijuana business called Ross' Gold?
Did you know the Padres have signed the same handicapped ball player 20 years in row so he doesn't lose his health insurance?
Did you know that one of the first things free blacks could grow, eat, and sell were watermelons? It became a symbol of freedom that was corrupted into a negative stereotype by southern whites and still persists today.
Did you know a local fisherman in Costa Rica nursed a crocodile back to health after it had being shot in the head, and released the reptile back to its home? The next day, the man discovered "Pocho" had followed him home and was sleeping on the mans porch. For 20 years Pocho became part of the mans family.
Did you know There was a 20 year patent on mini games during loading screens that recently expired last year? This is why all loading screens aren't interactive and usually only contain flavour or lore text.
Did you know That a guinea pig named Randy broke into a female enclosure and impregnated over 100 female guinea pigs?
Did you know Ghostbusters: The Video Game (2009) has voice acting from all four of the original cast members (Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd, Harold Ramis, Ernie Hudson), who helped write the script as well? Aykroyd considers it "essentially the third movie".
Did you know that "witch windows", or diagonal windows, exist almost exclusively in Vermont? The name comes from the superstition that witches cannot fly their broomsticks through slanted windows.
Did you know of Tetris Syndrome, which is when you play a game too long and you start to dream about it, and hallucinate about it on the edges of your vision?
Did you know the word "Ewok" was never used throughout the entire filming of "Return of the Jedi"? It only appears in the credits.
Did you know that there is a Saudi Arabian black metal band called Al-Namrood ("the non-believer") whose members have to effectively lead double lives and record their music in absolute secrecy since they could face corporal punishment or even death for making "un-Islamic" music?
Did you know A German biologist who claimed measles is psychosomatic, offered 100,000 Euros to anyone who proved measles is a virus? A German doctor presented evidence of the virus; the biologist dismissed the evidence, but the local court ordered him to pay up.
Did you know a U?S. senator was called a hero for refusing a bribe from the FBI, to which the senator responded - "I do not consider myself a hero... what have we come to if turning down a bribe is 'heroic'?".
Did you know a man cut his truck open after hearing a purring noise come from his parking car and found a stray kitten had lodged itself in the frame? He carefully drove to a Humane Society, where the cat was safely rescued. The Society set up a fund to repair his car, with extra money to help other animals.
Did you know that in the final two years of his life, Van Gogh averaged about 3 completed paintings per week? All in all, he produced 900 paintings in a 10 year career, making him one of the most prolific painters of all time.
Did you know King Amanullah Khan of Afghanistan (1919-1929) once gave a public speech in which he said "Islam did not require women to cover their bodies or wear any special kind of veil"? At the conclusion of the speech, Queen Soraya tore off her veil (hejab) in public.
Did you know that a group of women in Kampala, Uganda who earn around $1?20/day breaking rocks into gravel sent $900 of their wages to help Hurricane Katrina victims.
Did you know that in 1911 a lone man emerged from the wilderness in California, the last member of his tribe and also "the last wild Indian"? With the help of university professors he was able to preserve parts of his language and culture.
Did you know Keiko, the orca who starred in Free Willy was released in the wild in July of 2002 after being in captivity for 23 years? A few weeks after his release, he showed up at a Norwegian fjord in hopes of seeking human contact and would even give children rides on his back.
Did you know that millionaire Harris Rosen adopted an urban neighborhood in Florida, giving all families daycare, boosting the graduation rate by 75%, and cutting the crime rate in half?
Did you know In Belgium, Poland, Portugal and France everyone is automatically an organ donor, unless they refuse beforehand?
Did you know Billy Joel gives away all of his front row tickets to random people in the cheap seats so that the front row isn't always just wealthy people?
Did you know in 2005, a guy named Doug Heckman read the EULA before he installed some PC software? The agreement included a clause offering 'financial compensation' to licensees who actually read the license agreement. He emailed the company, referred to the clause and the company sent him a check for $1,000.
Did you know the Federal Trade Commission says four cancer charities run by extended members of the same family conned donors out of $187 million from 2008 through 2012 and spent almost nothing to help actual cancer patients?
Did you know mongooses were introduced to Hawaii to control the invasive rat population? However, rats are nocturnal and mongooses are diurnal. Hawaii now has a problem with both.
Did you know Alan Rickman dated the same woman for over 40 years? In 2012 he married her in a secret ceremony, then walked over the Brooklyn Bridge together. They didnt tell anybody until last year.
Did you know of a British Marine who flung himself back-first onto a grenade to save his comrades? Though the explosion threw him in the air, his rucksack absorbed the blast and he walked away with a nosebleed and a headache.
Did you know that if you are INVOLUNTARILY bumped off your flight, U?S. airlines are required to give you cash or a check of the one-way fare to your destination equal to 200% of that amount if you arrive 1 to 2 hours late on next flight. More than 2 hours gets you 400%.
Did you know Frito-Lay created an environmentally friendly 100% compostable chip bag but had to remove it from the market because people complained that it was too noisy?
Did you know the Jesus nut is the bolt at the top of a helicopter shaft that holds it all together? It got its name because if it were to fail in flight, the only thing left to do would be to pray to Jesus.
Did you know that during the global hop shortage of 2008, the Samuel Adams Beer Company sold 20,000 pounds of their excess hops to over 200 craft breweries, at cost? This helped prevent the breweries from going out of business.
Did you know of Mary Fields, aka "Stagecoach Mary," a 6 ft, 200 lb former slave who, at age 60, was hired by the U?S. Postal Service as she was the fastest applicant to hitch a team of horses. She never missed a day of work, and when the snow was too deep for her horses, she carried the mail on her back.
Did you know that when George Washington moved to Philadelphia to serve as president, he rotated his slaves in and out of Pennsylvania in order to circumvent a law that freed slaves being held in the state for longer than 6 continuous months? The rotation itself was illegal, but no one opposed him.
Did you know In order to stand out from competing catalogs, Sears simply printed their's on smaller paper so when a stack of catalogs were delivered, their's would always be on top?
Did you know that Rod Serling, creator of The Twilight Zone, was so talkative that on a two hour car ride the rest of his family remained silent to see if Rod would notice their lack of participation? He did not, talking nonstop through the entire car ride.
Did you know the Minnesota Vikings' new stadium cost more than a NASA mission to Pluto?
Did you know One of the thirteen articles in the 1781 US Articles of Confederation states that if Canada wants to be admitted into the United States, it will automatically be accepted?
Did you know Vin Diesel broke into a Theater in New York with his brother when he was 7 with the intent of vandalizing it? When they were caught, instead of calling the police, the theater's artistic director offered them roles in an upcoming show, thus starting Diesel's acting career.
Did you know that in South Korea, men who win Olympic medals do not have to participate in the two year long mandatory military service?
Did you know that in Star Wars Tales #19: Han Solo travels through time and crashes on Earth? Han is killed in an attack by Natives, but Chewbacca lives and becomes the Sasquatch. 126 years later, Indiana Jones is tracking down the Sasquatch only to find the crashed Millennium Falcon and the body of Han Solo.
Did you know After the Vietnam war Vietnamese farmers recycled thousands of external fuel tanks from U?S. aircraft to create river boats and canoes.
TIl that if Apple didn't hold $181B overseas, it would owe $59B in US taxes?
Did you know that the oldest hotel in the world has been operated by the same Japanese family for over 1,300 years? 52 different generations of descendants have cared for and operated the inn.
Did you know elephants can tell the difference between human languages and know which languages belong to people with a history of hurting elephants?
Did you know of Hajimi Fuji, who volunteered for the kamikaze but was refused acceptance because he had a wife and two young children? To honour his wish his wife drowned her two young girls and drowned herself. Hajimi then flew as a kamikaze pilot,meeting his death on the 28th May 1945.
Did you know of a war memorial for animals in London? It is inscribed "They had no choice".
Did you know: There is a fern that has such a high level of atmospheric carbon sequestration that it caused an ice age? Azolla captures 6 tons of atmoshperic carbon per acre per year and could reduce global CO2 levels, while providing high protein livestock feed, or nitrogen rich fertilizer.
Did you know two Chicago men once tried to rob a restaurant with a squirt gun, but the owner told them he was too busy right now and to come back in an hour? They did. And the police were waiting for them.
Did you know that China has banned live streams of people eating bananas in a "seductive" fashion?
Did you know: This is the 1st year in 40 Years?....that McDonalds will close more stores than it opens (At least in the U.S.).
Did you know that one of Russia's most popular '90s TV shows challenged contestants to steal a car? If they could evade police for 35 minutes, they got to keep it. The show was pulled after being linked to a rise in car thefts.
Did you know a woman tried to use a fake million dollar bill to buy $1,675 worth of merchandise at Wal-Mart and expected $998,325 in change?
Did you know A man sued Pepsico after the company refused to redeem his 7,000,000 Pepsi Points for a AV-8 Harrier II jump jet as advertised in their commercial?
Did you know that the cost of "Prometheus" movie budget would be enough to keep the search for real extraterrestrial life going for 52 years?
Did you know that some areas in Scotland and Japan switched to blue street lights at night and saw a decrease in crime and suicide rates?
Did you know NBC renewed 'The Office' for a second season, despite mediocre ratings for the first season, because they anticipated Steve Carell's film, 'The 40-Year-Old Virgin', would make it a ratings success - which it did?
Did you know in Finland, speeding tickes are calculated on a percentage of a person's income? This causes some Finnish millionaires to face fines of over $100,000.
Did you know of a Russian dog whose owners were killed in a car accident? Despite attempts to adopt or re-home him, the dog refused to leave the site of the accident and waited for them until it died 7 years later. The city informally adopted the dog and dedicated a statue honour its loyalty.
Did you know that a Chinese man bought and raised two puppies, cared for them despite their frequent killing and eating of chickens, and then discovered they were bears?
Did you know a second is called a second because it is the second division of the hour by 60, the first being a minute?
Did you know that Microsoft Solitaire was developed by a summer intern named Wes Cherry? He received no royalties for his work despite it being among the most used Windows applications of all time.
Did you know the most dangerous job in America is President? Over 9% have been killed in office. The next highest on-the-job death rate is loggers, at 0.13%.
Did you know Lego has no military related sets because the inventor's policy was to not want to make war seem like child's play?
Did you know even though Calculus is often taught starting only at the college level, mathematicians have shown that it can be taught to kids as young as 5, suggesting that it should be taught not just to those who pursue higher education, but rather to literally everyone in society?
Did you know that the writing staff of Futurama held three Ph?D.s, seven masters degrees, and cumulatively had more than 50 years at Harvard.
Did you know: It is illegal for pet stores in Beverly Hills to sell dogs and cats that are not from a shelter or rescue?
Did you know that after Kanye interrupted Taylor Swift, Comedy Central replayed the episode "Fishsticks" four times consecutively?
Did you know Aerosmith earned more money from Guitar Hero than from any of their albums?
Did you know The guy who snagged windows2000?com happened to be named Bob and Microsoft just happened to own Bob.com. They came to an agreement to trade one for the other.
Did you know: the first use of "Google" as a verb in pop culture (TV) happened on Buffy the Vampire Slayer in 2002?
Did you know of the saying "Thank God for Mississippi?" Used by residents of states who do poorly in rankings comparing US States, because Mississippi is almost always doing worse than they are.
Did you know The man standing behind George Washington and holding the American flag in the famous painting "Washington Crossing the Delaware" is 18-year-old officer and future president James Monroe?
Did you know that a captive killer whale at MarineLand discovered it could regurgitate fish onto the surface of the water, attracting sea gulls, and then eat the birds? Four others then learned to copy the behavior.
Did you know that Tupac Shakur's godmother was convicted of killing a police officer, escaped prison, and soon fled to Cuba where she has been living since 1979?
Did you know The writers of 'Friends' didn't originally intend for Joey to be dim, but when LeBlanc auditioned for the role, he put a "different spin" on the character, convincing the writers that his being dumb would be a great source of comedy?
Did you know: Bill Murray improvised nearly all his lines in the movie 'KINGPIN' and bowled the necessary 3 strikes to win the tournament at the end?
Did you know when Paris fell to the Nazis in 1940, French soldiers cut the elevator cables to the Eiffel Tower? This meant that if Hitler wanted to hoist a swastika flag, they would have to climb hundreds of stairs to get to the top.
Did you know that when the Declaration of Independence was being drafted, Benjamin Franklin suggested that the word "sacred" be replaced with "self-evident" because he believed that the nation should be founded on reason, not faith?
Did you know Frank Zappa's Grammy-winning album Jazz from Hell received a "Parental Advisory" sticker even though it is a collection of instrumental pieces and contains no lyrics at all?
Did you know when Freddie Mercury recorded the album Mr? Bad Guy he planned on collaborating with Michael Jackson but cancelled after one song because he felt uncomfortable recording with Jackson's pet llama in the studio.
Did you know in 2011 Joao found a penguin (Dindim) covered with oil and nearly dead? He worked feverishly to save its life. Every year since, Dindim swims 8,000KM to meet and live with Joao in Brazil.
Did you know a greater percentage of Dutch people speak English than Canadians? 90% of Dutch people speak English. Only 85% of Canadians do.
Did you know: During the Third Reich, there was a programme called Lebensborn, where 'racially pure' women slept with SS officers in the hopes of producing Aryan children? An estimated 20,000 children were born during 12 years.
Did you know When Ronald Reagan watched Back to the Future for the first time, he loved the joke about who was president in 1985 (Ronald Reagan? The Actor?) so much that he made the theater projectionist stop the film, roll it back, and play the joke again?
Did you know that "Texas" is slang for 'crazy' in Norway?
Did you know that most deaths from an overdose occur when an addict who has gone clean relapses and administers their old dose without realising that they have lost the tolerance they had built up?
Did you know that, after his disabled owner was struck by a car, 'Endal' the service dog pulled his unconscious owner into the recovery position, retrieved his mobile phone from beneath the car, fetched a blanket and covered him, and then ran to a nearby hotel to obtain help?
Did you know Mohammed wrote an open letter to Christians that declared their right to self-governance, protection for churches and monasteries, and freedom to practice their religion openly in Muslim controlled areas? Muslims are commanded to follow this until the end of time.
Did you know that George Lucas wanted to make a Flash Gordon movie but could not obtain the rights so instead he created Star Wars?
Did you know that Bill Murray considers Groundhog Day probably the best work that he has done? Before that movie he was seen largely as a clown. After it, he was a complex actor with range.
Did you know of the "Star of the South", one of the largest diamonds in the world? Discovered by a river in Brazil in July 1853, it was found by a slave girl named Rosa, who turned the diamond over to her master. He rewarded her by granting her freedom, and giving her a pension for life.
Did you know in 1999 Coca Cola invented a vending machine that could adjust its prices based on the temperature, allowing it to hike up the price of a Coke on a hot summer day? Customers denounced the idea, while even Pepsi accused Coke of exploitation.
Did you know a female serial killer named "Phantom of Heilbronn" was linked to 40 crimes, six of which were murders? In 2009 it was discovered that she didn't exist and her DNA was simply contamination from the cotton swabs used at the crime scenes.
Did you know that Mr? T's wearing of gold chains and other jewelry was a result of customers losing the items or leaving them after a fight at the night club where he was a bouncer. He would stand out front wearing the items in case a customer who was kicked out from the club came back looking for them.
Did you know in 1999 a French Holocaust survivor reduced Shell Oil's accident rate 84 percent by making oil rig workers talk about their feelings?
Did you know there is a geocache on the International Space Station?
Did you know in 2001 a Los Angeles man, upset at the poor exit signage on the 110 Freeway, modified an overhead sign under the cover of night? Caltrans investigated it, approved of the worksmanship, and left it up for eight years.
Did you know That the Czech Republic (a country with no official religion) has over 15,000 people who religiously identify as a Jedi Knight? That's roughly 0.15 of the population.
Did you know Vietnam War POW Doug Hegdahl pretended to be illiterate to fool his captors, who believed him to be so stupid that they gave him almost free rein of the camp? He was able to secretly memorize the details of about 256 POWs to the tune of "Old MacDonald," which he still remembers.
Did you know EINSTEIN once declared that his second greatest idea after the theory of relativity was to add an egg while cooking soup in order to produce a soft-boiled egg without having an extra pot to wash?
Did you know Mother Teresa considered suffering a gift from God and was criticized for her clinics' lack of care and malnutrition of patients?
Did you know in 2009 a pigeon named Winston raced Telkom, South Africa's largest ISP, to see who could deliver 4GB of data to a location 60 miles away the fastest? By the time Winston arrived with the 4GB flash drive, Telkom had transmitted only 4% of the data.
Did you know Many American public libraries carry video games as an attempt to lure teenagers into a library? The result is more teenagers coming to the library and books are being checked out at a rate that exceeds what it was before the gamers arrived.
Did you know forest growth in the US has exceeded harvest since the 1940s, and that the US has more trees now than at any time in the past 100 years?
Did you know Chris Columbus was originally set to direct National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation but dropped out after difficult meetings with star Chevy Chase? Instead Columbus made Home Alone; the highest grossing Christmas film of all time.
Did you know that the Pentagon has rocket balls a?k.a. kinetic fireball incendiaries made of rubberized rocket fuel; when ignited, they propel themselves randomly at high speed, bouncing off walls, smashing through doors, turning an entire building into an inferno.
Did you know George Washington inoculated his troops against smallpox, reducing a 17% death rate from the disease down to 1%?
Did you know that when the Duke of Wellington attended a party in Vienna, some French officers turned away from the conqueror of Napoleon? When a woman apologized for their rudeness, Wellington replied "I have seen their backs before, madam.".
Did you know in 1953, an amateur astronomer saw and photographed a bright white light on the lunar surface? He believed it was a rare asteroid impact, but professional astronomers dismissed and disputed "Stuart's Event" for 50 years. In 2003, NASA looked for and found the crater.
Did you know that 30 years ago, you had about about 17 minutes to escape a house fire? Today it's down to 3-4 minutes.
Did you know that Fiji water company ran the slogan "Fiji, because it's not bottled in Cleveland"? The Cleveland water dept. Took offense, and ran a test determining that Fiji water has more impurities than the cities' tap water.
Did you know that all US astronauts are required to learn Russian as part of their extensive training, and have to be able to run the ISS using Russian-language training manuals if necessary?
Did you know that phrases such as "studies show" or "experts say" are called weasel words?
Did you know that in the New Deal, FDR called for a new tax program called the Revenue Act of 1935, which imposed an income tax of 79% on incomes over $5 million? This tax rate affected literally one person: John D. Rockefeller.
Did you know that, by examining high-resolution satellite imagery with algorithms developed via trial-and-error, Sarah Parcak and her team have discovered 17 pyramids, 1,000 tombs, and over 3,100 settlements in Egypt alone? She now wants to crowdsource "space archaeology" to prevent looting of ancient sites.
Did you know Soviet scientists defended the world's largest seed bank during the 28 month Siege of Leningrad when it couldn't be evacuated? 9 scientists starved, surrounded by tons of crops and fruit, refusing to destroy 'the future of Russia'.
Did you know that Harvard has a pigment library where the sources of rare colors are stored? These sources include ground shells of now extinct insects, poisonious metals, and wrappings from Egyptian mummies.
Did you know a single asteroid can contain US$20 trillion worth of metals?
Did you know in 1927 an experiment was begun to show that solid pitch was actually a liquid? 89 years later the pitch has produced 9 drips.
Did you know after Michael Jordan scored a game-high 69 points, teammate Stacey King quipped "I'll always remember this as the night that Michael Jordan and I combined to score 70 points"?
Did you know of The Stoned Ape Theory, which is a controversial theory from Terence McKenna which states that a lot of our advanced human evolution came as a result of the ingestion of psilocybin mushrooms, also known as magic mushrooms by our primate ancestors?
Did you know that a hemorrhoid cream company once tried unsuccessfully to use Johnny Cash's 'Ring of Fire' in a commercial?
Did you know that in the process of trying to catch serial killer Andrei Chikatilo, Soviet police ended up solving more than 1000 unrelated crimes, including 95 murders and 245 rapes?
Did you know The USA won the last ever Olympic gold medal for rugby in 1924 and are therefore technically still reigning champions?
Did you know that a Florida man was fined $48,000 for using a cell phone jammer everyday for 2 years while going to work?
Did you know when a Pacific tribe watched the US military perform drills to prepare for supply planes, the tribe believed it to be a religious ritual and built their own runways, coconut headphones, wooden radio towers, and marched around like the soldiers, in hopes of having a plane drop supplies off?
Did you know of the 'loneliest organism' in the world? A single, lone cycad tree, the dominant tree during the dinosaur era, was discovered in Africa in 1895. They have yet to find a mate to pollinate it.
Did you know of a three year old Russian girl who survived for 11 days in Siberian taiga forest by drinking from a creek and eating berries while being protected by her dog which went to get help after nine days and returned with rescuers?
Did you know that in 1946 Kodak customers complained about film developing cloudy? Kodak investigated & found the corn husks used for packing was radioactive. They discovered something that was not public knowledge; the packaging was exposed to fallout from the world's first nuclear bomb explosion.
Did you know 6 months before the Challenger disaster a lone engineer told his superiors about the O-Ring problem and warned the result "would be a catastrophe of the highest order - loss of human life"?
Did you know a guy implied he was going to build a 480 ft skyscraper but labeled all the plans as 480"? Then he had it built 40' tall as per the plans, pocketed the investment money and won in court because he didn't technically defraud anyone.
Did you know when congress asked physicist R?R. Wilson to justify the US government spending millions of dollars on a new particle accelerator (Fermilab), Wilson testified that the knowledge gained from it would have "nothing to do directly with defending our country except to help make it worth defending.".
Did you know Mohammed declared in a charter, that Muslims were to protect Christians until the end of the world? Christians weren't to be persecuted in Muslim countries and wouldn't be drafted into the military.
Did you know that Jimmy Carter made the American microbew industry possible by legalizing the selling of malt, hops, and yeast to home brewers for the first time since Prohibition?
Did you know Straight Outta Compton was never played in Compton because the city has no movie theaters?
Did you know In 1907 Joseph Stalin said at the funeral of his first wife, "This creature softened my heart of stone? She died and with her died my last warm feelings for humanity.".
Did you know there are 1,311 people who live in Verkhoyansk, Russia, a town with an average temperature of -45C (-50F) in January? In 2012, the town was attacked by a pack of 400 wolves.
Did you know Eric Clapton once showed up drunk to George Harrison's house, silently handed him a guitar and amp, and the two had a musical duel for 2 hours?
Did you know that Patrick Stewart signed a 6-year contract for "Star Trek: The Next Generation" because he, his agent, and others with whom Stewart consulted all believed that the new TV show would quickly fail, and he would return to his Shakespearean career after making some money?
Did you know When the world's largest diamond was transported from Africa to England, an elaborate & secure journey by sea was publicized - as a rouse? The real diamond was simply posted by mail.
Did you know we typically do not start to think of foods as "too sweet" until our bone growth stops? Younger children have virtually no limit to the amount of sugar they find palatable.
Did you know the Han dynasty of China drilled for natural gas, transported it in pipelines and gas containers and burned it in stoves ?.. in 200 BC.
Did you know that the Better Business Bureau is not run by the government, but is a non-profit company that made 200 million USD in 2013?
Did you know that you have holes in your bottom eyelids? The punctum drains excess tears into your nose, which is why your nose runs when you cry.
Did you know The newest US Navy destroyer is so stealthy that they have to affix huge reflectors on it during peacetime operations because radar thinks the 610-foot warship is a 50-foot fishing vessel which has already caused one near-collision with a civillian vssel?
Did you know Dippin' Dots are not widely avaliable because they require storage at -40 F, which is too cold for the average freezer?
Did you know Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams are the only two US Presidents that did not use a Bible at their swearing-in ceremonies?
Did you know when Facebook users voted for Taylor Swift to perform at a school for deaf students as a prank, the school was removed from the contest, but Swift donated $10K to the school, 4 companies matched her donation, VH1 gave $10k in instruments, & Swift gave the students tickets to her Boston concert?
Did you know President Franklin D? Roosevelt thought every American should own an acre of land so that they could be self-sustaining in case of catastrophe.
Did you know When you are ignored by a person whose attention means the most to you, the reaction in your brain will be similar to physical pain?
Did you know the transgender prisoner in "Orange is the New Black" is played by a transgender woman with an identical twin brother who plays her character in pre-transition flashbacks?
Did you know Coke was sued for the "unwarranted health claims" on their product Vitaminwater? Coke's defense was "no consumer could reasonably be misled into thinking vitaminwater was a healthy beverage.".
Did you know Fiji Water ran ad stating, "The label says Fiji because it's not bottled in Cleveland"? Cleveland Water Dept responded by running tests comparing a bottle of FIJI Water to Cleveland tap water. FIJI Water contained 6.31 micrograms of arsenic per litre, the tap water of Cleveland contained none.
Did you know an Italian tractor manufacturer was so upset with the bad clutches in Ferrari's cars that he complained to Enzo Ferrari himself, who arrogantly dismissed the concerns? The tractor maker, Ferruccio Lamborghini, decided to make his own cars to compete.
Did you know that the 3 Musketeers bar originally had 3 flavored bars in one package (Chocolate, Strawberry, and Vanilla) hence the name, 3 Musketeers?
Did you know J?K. Rowling became the first person to become a billionaire by writing books. However, she also lost her billionaire status because she donated so much money to charity.
Did you know Dr? Seuss cheated on his wife while she had cancer. After his wife killed herself, after finding out about the affair, Dr. Seuss married his mistress.
Did you know that in 1140, when a opposition castle was captured by King Konrad III, the women of the castle were granted free departure and allowed to take what they could carry on their backs? Thinking quickly, the women carried the men on their backs. The King kept his word and let the men live.
Did you know A guy dressed up as an armored truck driver and tricked Walmart into giving him $75,000?
Did you know Leonardo Dicaprio bought an island in Belize 10 years ago and built the world's first eco-restorative resort that "restores" the island's over-fished waters, coastline and forest?
Did you know that due to thousands of different commercial glitters, identical glitter particles can be compelling evidence that a suspect has been at a crime scene?
Did you know Evangelist Ray Comfort recorded a video arguing the banana displayed many user-friendly features that were evidence of intelligent design? Comfort retracted the video upon learning that the banana is a result of artificial selection by humans, and that the wild banana is small and unpalatable.
Did you know The Bluetooth symbol is a bind-rune representing the initials of the Viking King for who it was named?
Did you know: Happier cows really do produce more milk, and simply calling cows by individual names ups production by 3?5%.
Did you know that when Patrick Stewart first saw an X-Men comic he asked, "What am I doing on the front of a comic book?"?
Did you know the longest marriage on record ended this year when Karam Chand died in England? He and his wife had been married for 90 years.
Did you know that in order to prove that the bacteria H? pylori could cause stomach ulcers, an Australian doctor named Barry J. Marshall drank a culture of H. pylori, developed an ulcer, and successfully treated it with antibiotics. He won a Nobel Prize for it in 2005.
Did you know A recent study showed 25% of US drivers making a turn failed to use signals correctly? 48% of US lane changers failed to use signals. Such failures are responsible for up to 2M preventable accidents a year.
Did you know after a female pedestrian in his community was killed by a red-light runner, a 74 year old Chinese man spent an entire day hurling bricks at bad drivers? He smashed over 30 red-light runners' cars before the police asked him to stop.
Did you know Ernest Hemingway begged his wife not to send him for more electroshock treatments because he lost so much of his memory he couldn't even remember his own name? He committed suicide the day after his 36th shock treatment.
Did you know that snooker player Bill Webeniuk was famous for his drinking ability? He once drank 76 cans during a match. On another occasion after winning a drinking competition by drinking 43 pints he said I'm away to the bar now for a proper drink".
Did you know that Marion Tinsley played checkers for 45 years and lost only 7 games? He once beat a computer program, and later analysis showed that Tinsley had played the only possible winning strategy from 64 moves out.
Did you know : The New York Times wrote an article about every single September the 11th Victim?
Did you know that in 1978 a man with a shotgun held a Melbourne cafe hostage until his mother turned up in her night gown and hit him over the head with her handbag? He gave himself up soon after.
Did you know that when the TV show "Frasier" was at its most popular, Moose (the dog who played Eddie) received more fan mail than any of the human characters?
Did you know approximately 80% of "close door" elevator buttons aren't connected to anything?
Did you know Indianapolis has a volunteer program called 'no one dies alone' (NODA)? Their volunteers keep a continuous bedside vigil for dying people who do not have family members to visit them.
Did you know: A Paris shooting survivor sued a TV station for giving away his location during the shooting?
Did you know If the ancient Persians decided something while drunk, they had a rule to reconsider it when sober and if they made a decision sober, they would reconsider it while drunk?
Did you know Kim Kardashian was paid to post a selfie on Instagram and Twitter advertising a pharmaceutical product? Sent to 42 million followers on Instagram and 32 million on Twitter, this illegal advertisement did not contain any risk information or language specifying that it was a paid endorsement.
Did you know that when Kim Peek managed payrolls of 160 people, he was able to complete this task in just hours without a calculator and when he was fired to be replaced by computer, it took two full time accountants plus the computer just to replace him?
Did you know: Judy Garland was put on a diet while filming The Wizard of Oz? That diet, consisted of chicken soup, coffee, and ... 80 cigarettes a day. She was 16 years old.
Did you know while in the military Mr? T was ordered to cut down trees as a punishment by a sergeant. He cut down 70 trees in 3 1/2 hours before a shocked major superseded the sergeant and ordered him to stop.
Did you know Polish doctor Eugene Lazowski saved 8,000 Jews during the Holocaust by injecting dead typhus cells into them, allowing them to test positive for typhus despite being healthy? Germans were afraid of the highly contagious disease and refused to deport them to concentration camps.
Did you know that movie theater popcorn costs more per ounce than filet mignon in U?S.A.
Did you know During the filming of 'Snow Buddies' Disney imported 20 under-aged golden retriever puppies? Because they weren't vaccinated most of the dogs contracted parvo. Five puppies died during the making of the film.
Did you know when Einstein was told of the publication of a book entitled, '100 Authors Against Einstein', he replied: "Why one hundred? If I were wrong, one would have been enough?".
Did you know that the first person to jump off the Brooklyn Bridge was a professional high diver who "wanted to demonstrate that people did not die by simply falling through the air"? He proved himself correct by falling 135 feet safely through the air, only dying when he hit the water.
Did you know The Kenyan Masai tribe donated 14 cows to the US following the 9/11 attacks? The cattle - regarded as sacred, were the highest expression of regard and sympathy.
Did you know that soldiers in the German Army are allowed to disobey any order they think would violate human dignity?
Did you know in 2007, Mika Brzezinski (a MSNBC news anchor) refused to report on the lead story of Paris Hilton's release from jail, then after being pressured again to do the story, she attempted to light the script on fire on live television?
Did you know Christopher Lee received Tolkien's blessing to play the role of Gandalf, if a movie was ever released, but he played Saruman instead? He was also the only person involved with the Lord of the Rings films to have actually met Tolkien himself.
Did you know that a man in NJ was charged $3750 for a bottle of wine, ordering it after a waitress told him that it was "thirty seven fifty"?
Did you know Professional Wrestlers would arbitrate backstage disputes in a wrestler's court with the Undertaker usually presiding as judge? Sentences often involved the offending wrestler buying alcohol for other wrestlers.
Did you know that the film Saving Private Ryan (1998) was so realistic that not only did veterans leave theaters during the opening scene, but visits to PTSD counselors rose and the Dept of Veteran Affairs set up a nationwide hotline for veterans affected by this film?
Did you know When Alan Shepard was asked what he thought about as he sat atop the Redstone rocket, waiting for liftoff, he had replied, "The fact that every part of this ship was built by the low bidder?".
Did you know when skydiver Joan Murray's parachute failed, she approached the ground at 80 miles (128km) per hour, landing on a mound of fire ants? The shock from being stung over 200 times by the ants released a surge of adrenaline which kept her heart beating, and allowed her to survive.
Did you know, Frodo had the ring for 17 years before going on his quest instead of the handful of days the movie shows?
Did you know that Mark Spitz, nine time olympic champion, jokingly told the Russian swim team coach in 1972 that his moustache increased his speed in the water, deflecting water away from his mouth? The next year, every Russian swimmer was sporting one.
Did you know due to the "fajita effect," when the first order of fajitas comes in, cooks at Chilis begin prepping for the several orders that always come soon after? Hearing and smelling the first dish causes a cascade of orders among patrons.
Did you know Bender's apartment number 00100100 is a binary representation of the ASCII character "$"?
Did you know that when Apple was buying land in NC for their data center, a couple refused to let them buy their 1 acre plot of land? Apple continued to give offers and, after the couple rejected them all, they asked them to set their own price. Apple then ended up paying $1.7 million for one acre of land.
Did you know a hacker was able to recreate the fingerprint of the German Defense Minister from a photograph? This is the same hacker who defeated Apple's thumbprint verification within 24 hours of the release of the iPhone 5S.
Did you know that the 1918 flu pandemic is often called the Spanish flu because Spain didn't fake and minimise the data about the dead like Germany, Britain, France and the USA?
Did you know that a 15 year old boy named Temar Boggs chased a car on his bike for 15 minutes to save a 5 year old girl who was kidnapped from her front yard?
Did you know: There is a small island in Shrewsbury, MA that doesn't belong to anyone in particular? One local man is crusading to name it Busta Rhymes Island. When asked why, he said it was because the island had "rope-swinging, blueberries, and . . . stuff Busta would enjoy".
Did you know Tyson saw Muhammad Ali's last match at age of 14 and got mad at Larry Holmes who beat Ali?Tyson got Ali on the phone and said: I'll grow up and get him back for you.7 years later Tyson met Holmes. Retired Ali stepped in the ring and said:"Remember what you promised."Tyson destroyed Holmes in 4th.
Did you know Eleanor Roosevelt regularly refused Secret Service protection, and instead traveled with a ?22 Smith and Wesson on her person.
Did you know chopping wood increases testosterone production by 46?8 percent, as much as 17 percent higher than soccer and other studied competitive sports.
Did you know The first guy to win "Who Wants to be Millionnaire?" John Carpenter, used none of his lifelines until the final question, where he called his Dad and told him that he didn't need any help on the final question and just wanted to let him know that he is about to win 1,000,000$?
Did you know for Queen's "Bicycle Race" music video, the band rented several bikes which naked models raced at Wimbledon Stadium? When the renting company found out how the bikes were used, it forced the band to purchase all the seats.
Did you know jams are made from fruit, while jellies are made from juice? Preserves have chunks of fruit, conserves have dried fruit or nuts, and marmalades have peel and pulp. Fruit butters are slow cooked to a smooth consistency.
Did you know South Africa is the only country to have ever developed its own nuclear weapons and then voluntarily dismantled them?
Did you know during prohibition in the US, merchants sold "bricks" of grape concentrate with a packet of dried yeast? These would come with a "warning label" cautioning not to mix the brick, yeast, water and sugar in a pot and then seal it for seven days, or else "an illegal alcoholic beverage will result".
Did you know three fungi species were found near Chernobyl that appear to convert gamma radiation into chemical energy?
Did you know that when Darryl McDaniels (DMC of RUN DMC) was suicidal, the only thing keeping him from killing himself was Sarah McLachlan's album "Angel?" He met her at a party, told her what her album meant to him, and said, "Your album is called 'Angel.' You sing like an angel. But to me, you are God.".
Did you know that rats who were trained to press a lever for food stopped pressing the lever once they saw that it also caused another rat to receive an electric shock?
Did you know Ashton Kutcher tried Steve Jobs' fruitarian diet when getting into character for the jOBS movie and ended up in the hospital because it messed up his pancreas levels?
Did you know a child that was Bart's age when The Simpson's first premiered would now be the same age as Homer?
Did you know John Cena holds the title of most wishes granted (by single individual) for the Make a Wish foundation and has completed over 500 wishes?
Did you know There is a Harvard library that houses over 2,500 pigments and with the scientific instruments they use, they were able to prove a Jackson Pollock painting was fake based on the year a certain pigment was discovered?
Did you know that the company who made Settlers of Catan made a real 'Cones of Dunshire' game, after the fictional game Ben Wyatt made up in Parks and Recreation?
Did you know a prize of $1 million has been offered to anyone who can demonstrate that $7,250 audio cables are any better than ordinary audio cables?
Did you know In Rwanda plastic bags are illegal and carry with them a 100-$150 fine? In fact, at airport customs all plastic bags are confiscated which has resulted in Rwanda being one of the most litter free countries in Africa.
Did you know in Nordic mythology, Ratatoskr was a squirrel whose sole job was to carry insulting messages between a great eagle and a dragon at opposite ends of Yggdrasil, the great World Tree?
Did you know that when a woman asked Leonard Nimoy "Are you aware that you [as Spock] are the source of erotic dream material for thousands and thousands of ladies around the world?", he replied "May all your dreams come true"?
Did you know That the French philosopher and mathematician Descartes was hired as a tutor by the Queen of Sweden, who insisted on philosophy lessons at 5 in the morning? Within a year of walking through the Swedish cold every morning, Descartes caught pneumonia and died.
Did you know That if you take all the letters from the word "wizard" and swap them with opposite letters (a->z, b->y), it spells wizard backwards?
Did you know that Einstein and his wife once visited the enormous Mount Wilson Observatory with astronomer Edwin Hubble? When told that Hubble's telescopes were revealing the ultimate shape of the universe, Einstein's wife nonchalantly responded, "Well, my husband does that on the back of an old envelope.".
Did you know Elvis' manager sold "I Hate Elvis" badges to make money from those who otherwise wouldn't have parted with their cash for Elvis merchandise?
Did you know in the Marvel Universe, Steven Colbert was a front runner in the 2008 presidential election, and even won the popular vote?
Did you know Jim Carrey was offered to be the eighth doctor of Doctor Who, but he declined the role? He felt he would cause outrage amongst Doctor Who fans if the role wasn't played by a fan.
Did you know Dolly Parton has a program that will mail your child a free age-appropriate book once a month from birth to age 5? No obligation, no catch, she just wants to make sure that every child has books.
Did you know that life in Puritan New England was so hard that children who were abducted by Native Americans often refused to come back?
Did you know During Islam's Golden Age, scientists were paid the equivalent of what pro athletes are paid today?
Did you know if you receive a blood transfusion with the wrong blood type, a very strong feeling that something bad is about to happen will occur within a few minutes?
Did you know that papercuts hurt so much because the cut often bleeds very little or not at all, leaving the skins pain receptors open to the air?
Did you know Johnny Depp always travels with his Jack Sparrow costume so he can randomly visit children's hospitals dressed in character?
Did you know that actor John Cazale only ever appeared in five movies, but all five were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture? After his death, archive footage of him was used in a sixth movie. This, too, was nominated for Best Picture.
Did you know In 1963, Donald Currey cut down a tree to retrieve his drill bit after it got stuck when he was trying to core it to study climate effects? After studying the core of the tree, he found that he'd just cut down the oldest tree (at least 4862 years old) found to date.
Did you know in 2008 a dog tried to save his owners lives after 5 armed pirates hijacked their yacht off the coast of Venezuela? After the men climbed aboard the dog furiously attacked them, biting and snapping until he was stabbed then shot. The dog survived and the pirates left almost empty handed.
Did you know a cotton shopping bag must be used at least 131 times to have less impact on the environment than single-use bags?
Did you know that the Beastie Boys coined the term "mullet" to refer to a hairstyle in 1994 in their song "Mullet Head"? No earlier use of the term "mullet" that refers to a hairstyle has been found.
Did you know in 2005 a glitch in World of Warcraft allowed a plague to spread in the game leading non-infected players to abandon cities while those infected were forced into quarantines? It was later studied by epidemiologists to see how real life people would react to a pandemic.
Did you know that 'V for Vendetta' was broadcast in China without any censorship, surprising many viewers?
Did you know Harry Markopolos determined Bernie Madoff was a fraud within five minutes of review? He then spent 10 unsuccessful years trying to alert the SEC.
Did you know that JFK was a superb golfer, but kept his golfing a secret because he didn't want to seem out of touch with average Americans? JFK reacted with terror when he nearly hit a hole-in-one while running for President.
Did you know ABC has been cutting scenes from "A Charlie Brown Christmas", a movie about the excessive commercialization of Christmas, to make room for more commercials?
Did you know the American Army during WWI employed champion Skeet Shooters to protect the trenches by shooting enemy grenades out of midair and deflecting them?
Did you know Hitachi once produced an ATM that heated bills to 200 degrees C to kill any bacteria, then ironed them before dispensing?
Did you know Bethesda Softworks was actually offered to make an official open world Game of Thrones game in 2011, but turned it down in order to make Skyrim?
Did you know that to punish tree thieves who cut down trees illegally, some cities spray trees with fox urine around Christmas time? It freezes on them and is odorless outdoors, but would stink up your whole house if brought indoors; the smell is "eye-watering.".
Did you know: A doctor saved the life of a premature baby (Chris Trokey)? 30 years later Chris, who was a paramedic was the First responder to an accident, saved the Dr.'s life that had saved him.
Did you know American Airlines went against manufacturer recommendations and used their own maintenance procedure to save 200 man hours of labor per aircraft? This resulted in one engine of AA Flight 191 separating from the wing on takeoff and the deaths of 273 people.
Did you know that a man lived at the AOL hq for 2 months? He used the showers and food court. While everyone else thought he worked there he was actually working on his own startup.
Did you know the real Top Gun School gives a $5 fine to anyone in the staff that quotes the movie?
Did you know for over 15 years Paul Rudd has been showing the same clip of Mac and Me on the Conan O'Brien instead of clips from the movies he's starring in and promoting?
Did you know Spielberg wrote a sequel to E?T. in which Elliot receives a radio signal that leads him to believe E.T. is back. Unbeknownst to him the signal comes from an evil alien race that landed on Earth after picking up E.T.'s "phone home" distress call. He is then kidnapped and tortured.
Did you know In 1996, Mary Tyler Moore offered a restaurant $1,000 to sell her a 65 year-old lobster so she could return it to the wild? Rush Limbaugh then offered $2,000 to eat the lobster. The restaurant denied both offers and kept the lobster as a mascot.
Did you know in a small town in County Cork, Ireland, a monument stands in appreciation to the American Choctaw Indian Tribe? Although impoverished, shortly after being forced to walk the Trail of Tears, the tribe somehow gathered $170 to send to Ireland for famine relief in 1847.
Did you know Human fingers can feel objects as small as 13 nanometers? "This means that, if your finger was the size of the Earth, you could feel the difference between houses from cars.".
Did you know Mark Hamill was obsessed with Late Night with David Letterman to a point he taped and cataloged every episode? Late Night producers even asked for Hamill's collections and notes to figure out Letterman's 1000th viewer mail.
Did you know During the first meeting between Lecter and Starling, Anthony Hopkins's mocking of Jodie Foster's southern accent was improvised on the spot? Foster's horrified reaction was genuine; she felt personally attacked. She later thanked Hopkins for generating such an honest reaction.
Did you know a man once drunkenly stole a plane and landed it in the middle of Manhattan in front of the bar he had been drinking at? Two years later he did it again because someone doubted he had done it the first time.
Did you know a Florida-based beer company created fully edible 6-pack rings from brewing byproducts such as wheat and barley; the rings are just as strong as the plastic variety, yet completely digestible and biodegradable?
Did you know that vampire bats will die if they can't find blood for two nights in a row? Luckily, generous well-fed bats will often regurgitate blood to share with others, in exchange for grooming. This has been noted by many naturalists as an example of reciprocal altruism in nature.
Did you know a man asked Samsung for a phone in exchange of a drawing he made of a dinosaur? Samsung sent him a phone with the drawing printed on the phone case.
Did you know that during one particular Rolling Stones concert, four people were killed but the overall population of the concert did not change since four babies were born during the concert as well?
Did you know of someone who wrote to Monty Python to complain about having a gay group member, adding that the Bible said any man who lies with a man should be taken out and stoned? Eric Idle replied, "We've found out who it was and we've taken him out and had him killed.".
Did you know the first online transaction ever was Stanford students buying marijuana from MIT students?
Did you know in 1985, a Colombian girl was trapped in a volcanic mudflow, and was trapped up to her waist? She was mostly alert and was interviewed. Knowing she would die, volunteers and rescuer did their best to comfort her. She died after 60 hours, and her photo became iconic.
Did you know 26?5 million Canadians tuned into the gold medal final in men's hockey during the 2010 Winter Olympics. That's 80% of the entire country's population.
Did you know that after their only son died at the age of 15, Leland Stanford founded Stanford University and told his wife that ''the children of California shall be our children?".
Did you know The average baseball game has about 18 minutes of action and is 90% standing around?
Did you know A homeless man was offered $100 or the chance to learn how to code by a stranger? He chose how to code and released an app.
Did you know that after Drew Barrymore posed nude in Playboy at age 19, her godfather, Steven Spielberg, sent her a quilt for her 20th birthday with a note that said "cover yourself up"? Enclosed were also the Playboy pictures, altered by his art department to make her appear fully clothed.
Did you know John D? Rockefeller was worth a modern equivalent of $336 billion.
Did you know that Canada consumes the most doughnuts and has the most doughnut shops per capita of any country in the world?
Did you know Jimmy Carter said if he became president, he would release all government UFO information to the public? Once elected, he decided not to due to "national security concerns".
Did you know the pilot episode of LOST was so expensive (~$14 million) that the network president was fired for green-lighting it?
Did you know Nuclear Generated electricity, by far, kills fewer Humans per Megawatt than any other source, including solar and hydro?
Did you know in the London riots of 2011, the looting and vandalism which took place throughout the city was almost totally avoided by bookshops? One man said his store would probably stay open during the unrest, stating: "If they steal some books, they might actually learn something.".
Did you know the shoshinsha mark is a green and yellow symbol that new Japanese drivers must place on their cars for a year; conversely, the fukushi mark (orange and yellow) is for elderly drivers? Both marks warn other drivers that the marked driver is not very skilled due to inexperience or old age.
Did you know that when the Nazi Party held its first book burnings, one of the works destroyed was an 1821 play by Heinrich Heine containing the famous phrase "Where they burn books, they will also in the end burn people?".
Did you know Most of the big US Airlines have shifted major maintenance work on their aircraft to places like El Salvador, Mexico, and China, where few mechanics are FAA certified and inspections "have no teeth"?
Did you know that Silly String is employed by militaries to reveal tripwires, as it will hang off them but doesn't weigh enough to trip them?
Did you know that that ground has tides? The pull of the Moon's gravity raises the ground up by nearly 40 cm over the course of 12 hours.
Did you know that if you drive one mile to the convenience store to buy a Powerball ticket, you are eight times more likely to die than win the jackpot?
Did you know that Mr? T's wearing of gold chains and other jewelry was a result of customers losing or leaving them after a fight at the club where he worked as a bouncer. He would stand out front wearing the items in case people who was kicked out came looking for them. He was a living lost and found.
Did you know taking magic mushrooms, just once ,can permanently change a person's personality, even as an adult?
Did you know Peter Cushing, the actor for Grand Moff Tarkin, found his costume's boots to be very uncomfortable? Any time his feet were not visible in the shot he would be wearing comfy slippers. Grand Moff Tarkin destroyed Alderaan wearing comfy slippers.
Did you know that Stephen King has made large charitable donations without announcing them because he was "raised firmly to believe that if you give away money and you make a big deal of it so that everybody sees it, that's hubris? (...) you're not supposed to make a big deal about it.".
Did you know that conservationists in South Africa are infusing a special red dye into the horns of live rhinos? The mixture renders the horn completely useless to poachers trying to sell it commercially, and is also toxic for human consumption.
Did you know while searching for drugs in NYC, Jimi Hendrix was kidnapped by"wiseguy wannabes"looking for a quick ransom? When a mobster heard about this, he quickly got them to release him by threatening to kill them. Later the mobster tracked down the kids and "gave them a beating they would never forget".
Did you know that in medieval times it was common to have "2" sleeps per night? You would fall asleep for 4 to 5 hours, wake up for 2 hours or so and fall back to sleep for another 3 to 4. It's been suggested that we may have evolved this way to tend to the fire in order to keep us warm and safe.
Did you know It takes 95% less energy to recycle aluminum than it does to make it from raw materials?
Did you know that after a woman's lung collapsed on a flight, two doctors performed surgery with the aircraft's medical kit, along with a coat hanger, Sellotape, a knife and fork, a bottle of water, and five star brandy for disinfectant? The woman felt better after ten minutes.
Did you know that three years after signing with Don King, Mike Tyson didn't even know that he had a fan club? When he finally went there, he found a letter from a woman wondering if Tyson could call her dying child. Tyson called, "hung up, cursed King and started to cry. The call was a year too late.".
Did you know When wolves howl together, they harmonize rather than sing on one note to give the illusion of greater numbers?
Did you know on the first day of business for shoe company Vans, the owners forgot to have cash on hand for change? The 12 customers that purchased shoes that first day were all asked to return the following day to pay for their shoes and all 12 did.
Did you know that Pretty Boy Floyd, a bank robber in the 1920's, would destroy mortgage documents during robberies, which freed many citizens of their debts?
Did you know that talking drums were used in Africa for centuries to transmit messages over long distances by mimicking speech? When these were brought to America during the slave trade, they were banned because slaves used them to transmit messages their masters couldn't decipher.
Did you know that a cabbie told Bill Murray that he was frustrated that he drove 14 hours a day and didn't have enough time to practice playing his saxaphone? So Bill Murray drove the cab while the cabbie sat in the back and practiced.
Did you know: In 1963, a man knocked down a wall of his home? Behind it, he discovered a mysterious room and soon discovered an intricate tunnel system with additional cave-like rooms. What he had discovered was the ancient Derinkuyu underground city in Turkey.
Did you know that on an island in Indonesia, if a child dies before he has started teething, the baby is placed inside the trunk of a growing tree? The hole is then sealed and as the tree begins to heal, the child is believed to be absorbed. Dozens of babies may be interred within a single tree.
Did you know Stephen King never cashed the $5000 check he received for the rights of turning Shawshank Redemption into a movie? Instead, years after the movie came out, he framed the check and gave it back to Mr. Darabont with a note: "In case you ever need bail money. Love, Steve".
Did you know Trees can tell if deer are trying to eat them? Due to their ability to detect deer saliva, trees defend themselves by producing excess acids that cause their buds to taste bitter so that the deer will lose interest and leave them alone.
Did you know Sean Connery was filming a love scene when his co-star's gangster boyfriend got jealous and pulled a gun on him? Connery grabbed the gun from his hand and twisted the guy's wrist until he ran off the set.
Did you know in 2014, a Michigan Oncologist was convicted and sentenced to 45 years in prison after it was discovered that he had bilked 553 cancer patients for millions by over-treating, under-treating, misdiagnosing, and even administering treatment to people that never had cancer in the first place?
Did you know a man was fined $10,000 for illegally dumping in a national park after authorities matched the time stamp on a McDonalds receipt with CCTV footage of him ordering at the drive-thru?
Did you know that Robert Landsburg, while filming Mount St? Helens volcano eruption in 1980 realized he could not survive it, so he rewound the film back into its case, put his camera in his backpack, and then lay himself on top of the backpack to protect the film for future researchers.
Did you know even though Google's self-driving cats have logged over 700,000 miles, they have yet to overcome the navigational hurdles of snow, heavy rain, open parking lots, multilevel parking garages, construction zones, and when the sun is directly behind a traffic light?
Did you know Astronauts have to sleep near a ventilator fan or they risk suffocating in a bubble of their own exhaled carbon dioxide?
Did you know Hotels use RFID chips to track their towels and linens? One hotel in Hawaii saved over $15000 in stolen towels using the RFID chips.
Did you know that Napoleon I was actually 5'7", an average male height at the time, and his "shortness" was propaganda used by the British that is still believed today?
Did you know police in west Germany located a man who had a warrant for unpaid fines? They confronted him just as his slot machine struck a jackpot, and he avoided jail time by paying his fine on the spot.
Did you know Charles Darwin & Joseph Hooker started the world's first terraforming project on Ascension Island in 1850? The project has turned an arid volcanic wasteland into a self sustaining and self reproducing ecosystem made completely of foreign plants from all over the world.
Did you know Sean Connery wore a hairpiece for every James Bond movie, as he began balding at age 21?
Did you know the man who ordered the grounding of all aircraft in the U?S. Sept 11 2001 was on his first day of the job.
Did you know: The actor who plays "Hodor" in Game of Thrones is also a progressive house DJ and used to be the resident DJ for a gay club in Belfast? He also went on a US tour called "Rave of Thrones".
Did you know that a woman accidentally dropped her engagement ring into a homeless man's change cup? The man, Billy Ray Harris, returned the ring to the woman. A fund was started by the woman and her husband to raise money for Harris. Three months later they had raised over $190,000.
Did you know of the first person to jump off the Brooklyn Bridge - a professional high diver who wanted to 'demonstrate that people did not die by simply falling through the air'? He proved himself correct after falling, safely, 135 feet through the air; dying from impact upon hitting the water.
Did you know Andrew Jackson's pet parrot was thrown out of Jackson's funeral for cursing too much?
Did you know that during the Great Depression of the 1930s, flour manufacturers saw women turning their flour sacks into clothing, diapers, dish cloths, and more, so they started packing their flour in pretty patterns?
Did you know that Japan requires citizens between the ages of 45 and 74 to have their waistlines measured once a year and are expected to fall within an established range? Companies and local governments may face fines if their employees are overweight and do not meet these guidelines.
Did you know that M&Ms were created so that military soldiers could enjoy heat resistant and easy to transport chocolate during war?
Did you know:Leonardo DiCaprio has never done drugs and had to get taught how to play being high by drug experts?
Did you know that a Korean TV show is about a 400 year-old Harvard-educated alien who falls in love with a human woman? 'My Love From Another Star' is a huge hit in Korea and elsewhere; Chinese fans were hospitalized for binging on too much fried chicken and beer (the woman character's favorite food).
Did you know Abraham Lincoln once gave a speech in Bloomington, Illinois so captivating that it caused every single reporter present to forget to take notes? There is no copy of this speech in existence, and we can only guess at the content. This speech is known as Abraham Lincoln's 'Lost Speech'.
Did you know: Instead of autographs, Jonah Hill gives out business cards to his fan that say: I just met Jonah Hill? It was a total letdown.
Did you know, Texas billionaire and former Presidential candidate Ross Perot wrote a blank cheque to fund and save the 500-year old Treaty Oak in Austin Texas which was poisoned by a vandal?
Did you know Israel Kamakawiwo'ole called a sound studio at 3am, asked nicely to record, got there 15 mins later, then recorded "Over the Rainbow" in just one take?
Did you know that KFC, in order to keep the Original Recipe a secret, has a company mix the first half of the 11 spices then ship it to McCormick, who adds the second half to the mix before sending it back to KFC?
Did you know of Mark DeFriest? Believed to be an autistic savant, DeFreist was sentenced to four years in prison for 'stealing' tools left to him in his father's will in 1979. Able to to memorize and reproduce jailers' keys simply by looking at them, he's been imprisoned 36 years due to multiple escapes.
Did you know that thanks to his Internet popularity, "success kid" made enough money to fund his dad's kidney transplant?
Did you know Rap Artist Nelly Has Sent Two Kids To College Every Year For The Past 10 Years?
Did you know Dr? Kelsey, despite immense pressure from pharmaceutical companies, decided not to approve thalidomide for morning sickness in the U.S., saving a whole generation of children from death and deformities.
Did you know Teddy Roosevelt said: "I wish very much that the wrong people could be prevented entirely from breeding; and when the evil nature of these people is sufficiently flagrant, this should be done? Criminals should be sterilized and feeble-minded persons forbidden to leave offspring behind them.".
Did you know OJ Simpson hosted a pay-per-view prank show called Juice? In one of the skits, he works as a used car salesman selling a White Bronco with bullet holes in which he promotes the car's "escapability".
Did you know there is a fortress castle called Mont Saint-Michel off the coast of Normandy, France that is accessible by foot at low tide, but becomes an island at high tide? It was the only spot in Normandy that never fell to the English during the 100 Years War. It has also served as a church and prison.
Did you know in 1969 Bill Cosby won a man of the year award and jokingly suggested re-naming the award "the nice guy as far as we know" award?
Did you know socks are among the most needed items at homeless shelters, yet among the least-often donated?
Did you know When worn on deployment, US Flag patches on uniforms are infrared so soldiers can be identified as friendly by others looking through night vision goggles?
Did you know George Lucas gave Mel Brooks his blessing to make Spaceballs on the condition that no action figures be made, as they could be confused with actual Star Wars toys?
Did you know that Geddy Lee's parents fell in love in Auschwitz at the age of 12 or 13? His father would bribe the guards to give his mother food or clothes as a sign of affection.
Did you know a fitness trainer intentionally gained over 70 pounds to better understand the plight of his overweight clients? Then lost it all again six months later.
Did you know That the left most pillar of the famous Pillars of Creation, is actually 4 Light Years tall? That is equal to roughly 37,844,000,000,000 Kilometers.
Did you know a Starbucks grande coffee has 320 milligrams of caffeine, over four times the amount of caffeine in a Red Bull and the Starbucks cinnamon chip scone has more calories than a McDonald's quarter pounder with 480 calories?
Did you know A kidnapped teen did not know he was kidnapped until he applied to college, 13 years after his kidnapping?
Did you know On Space Shuttle Endeavor, astronaut John Grunsfeld called into NPR's Car Talk and asked why his government vehicle was shaking violently for a couple minutes before the engine died?
Did you know in 1977 singer Tom Waits was arrested outside a coffee shop for trying to stop men from bullying other patrons?These men were plainclothes officers,and Waits was charged with disturbing the peace.Waits disputed the charge,was found not guilty,and successfully sued the police dept. for $7,500.
Did you know astronauts must have good airflow around them when they sleep, otherwise, they could wake up oxygen-deprived and gasping for air because a bubble of their own exhaled carbon dioxide had formed around their heads?
Did you know Michael Jackson's autopsy report confirms that he was bald and wore wigs to conceal it?
Did you know that when the USS West Virgina was finally raised after being sunk during the bombing of Pearl Harbor, deceased men were found in an airtight storeroom? On the calendar, 16 days were crossed off in red pencil.