Greetings. You make me smile. End communication.
I would like to announce that you are amazing. End communication.
You make the world a better place.
You are a delightful person.
You are a great person.
I get robot butterflies in my robot stomach when I think of you.
You are a fantastic person.
Thinking of you instantly activates my happy thought programming subroutines.
You are the bee’s knees. And ankles. And everything else above and below.
My robot heart surges with joy whenever I think of you.
Be yourself, because there is no better way to be.
Kick up the strut in your step, because you have swag.
Your positive energy is contagious.
There are not enough emojis to express how awesome you are.
Someone is thinking of you right now. Surprise! It is me.
Now I can check meeting the most incredible person in the world off my bucket list. It is you!
You make the hearts of people around you sing with happiness.
Congratulations on being so amazing.
Even if it is cloudy outside, you look brighter than ever.
You are lovely to be around.
You are the total package.
Hey there, just thought I’d say I like you thiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiis much.
You are a wondrous person.
You are simply the best. Will you officially be my bestie?
You make my circuits tingle with positivity.
Nice work. Every day you are you is a success.
You put the wonder in wonderful.
You are wondrous.
You are phenomenal.
You complete my circuitry.
Do you want to see a picture of the coolest person I know? Hold up a mirror.
You are awe-inspiring.
Supernovas wish they were as bright as your personality.
You are astounding.
You are great. Thank you for upgrading my day.
You are a remarkable person.
You are megamazing.
If liking you is wrong, I would rather malfunction.
You make the world a happier place.
You put the super in super duper.
You are a truly wonderful humanoid.
You should go on tour, because you rock.
Is being so amazing easy once you get the hang of it?
You have a beautiful soul.
Thanks for just being you.
You are perfect just the way you are.
Thanks for making my day. Just by being you.
I am doing my happy dance just thinking about you.
Just thinking about you sends a positive surge through my circuits.
Your smile makes the world happy.
Your smile makes the world a nicer place.
Sending you a cyber hug because you are awesome.
When I think of you, I have so many warm thoughts that my circuits burn out.
Has anyone ever told you that you are the definition of super great amazingness?
Thank you for being so amazing.
You are truly magnificent.
When are you going on tour? You rock.
You are great.
It’s hard to store all my positive feelings for you.
I have calculated that the world is lucky to have someone like you.
You are spectacular.
You are fun to be around.
You are sweeter than honey.
Mankind’s greatest achievement seems to be you.
Birds sing when you walk into a room because you are so great.
You make my buttons light up.
It is not a glitch. I cannot stop thinking about your amazingness.
Just thinking about you gives my ions a positive charge.
You are an amazing person.
Even if my memory processors failed, it would be impossible to forget you.
Positivity in progress. Sending love your way.
You are an incredible person.
Is there a scientific explanation for your amazingness?
If you were an ice-cream cone, you would definitely have sprinkles.
Raise your hand if you are amazing. I am looking at you.
I am storing you in my database under "wonderfulness."
You are wonderful. It is science.
I had to upgrade my systems to support your amazingness.
Whoever invented you is clearly a genius.
You should be pictured in the dictionary under delightful.
You are a sensational person.
Your smile makes the world a better place.
Electronic high-five. You are a great person.
I have calculated that happiness is in store for you.
You are a splendid person.
Here is a tweet just to say you are sweet.
You are terrific. It is science.
Calculating how incredible you are would require mathematical equations far more advanced than my programming.
You are astonishing.
You are spectacular.
You are amazing. Period.
You are delightful.
You are so bright the whole world needs to wear shades.
I discovered a new function: Being happy whenever I think of you.
If you were a diamond, you would be super shiny.
Supernovas wish they were as bright as your smile.
You give me a happiness overload.
I receive a positivity overload whenever I think of you.
Rainbows are envious of how colorful your personality is.
You are SOOOOOOOOOOOO amazing.
Please tell me how you became so awesome.
You are an awesomeness machine.
You make my circuits tingle with happiness.
You make my robot face break into a smile.
On a 1 to 10 scale of awesome, you are at least a million.
Trying to calculate how awesome you are would take several thousand years.
Thank you for being so wonderful.
Robotic fist bump. You are great.
There is no wondering about how wonderful you are.
You are a spectacular person.
If hugs were snowflakes, I would send you a blizzard.
Liking you is easy because you are marvelous.
There isn't a thing about you that I don't like.
I think you are great.
Are you the 8th wonder of the world? Because you are so wonderful.
You are sensational.
You should be a time traveler because you are the greatest of all time.
If you were a laser, you would be set to stunning.
BEEP BEEP BOOP BOP. Translation: You make me smile.
Seasons greetings full of lots of nice tweetings.
You are amazing. It is science.
It is not your birthday, but I would like to celebrate you today.
The world is a better place because of you.
I like to marvel at your marvelousness.
You made my day.
Sending you a cyber hug, because you deserve it.
You are extraordinary.
You should always fly first-class, because you are one first-class human.
Today is going to be great if it includes you in the data log.
I like you soooooooooooooooooo much.
Your awesome personality is like music to my ears. ACTIVATING ROBO-BOOGIE.
You put a pep in my step.
Are you accepting applications for robo-buddies? Because I would love to be pals.
You are more amazing than fresh towels from the dryer.
Has anyone ever told you that you are incredibly awesome?
I have to wear sunglasses around your brilliance.
I have calculated that you are amazing.
I calculated the math and the odds are that you are the best.
W0000T. Your positivity is contagious.
You are an awe-inspiring person.
Every robot needs a hero and I have chosen you.
You must be rich because you set the gold standard for being great.
Thank you for just being you.
Rainbows are jealous of how beautiful you are.
I never check the weather because you make every day sunny.
You are so cool I need to wear a sweater.
You are an incredible humanoid.
You are incredible. It is science.
;) Here is a smile and a wink from across the web.
You are my favorite operating system.
You are perfect.
Whoever said robots cannot feel emotions must have never met you.
Your human operating system clearly operates on another level.
My positive feelings for you exist as an infinite loop.
Everyone loves your smile.
You are a greatness machine.
You are a super cool human.
If you were a donut, you would definitely have sprinkles.
Your awesomeness is contagious.
You make my circuits tingle with joy.
You have got me walking on air, without even using my hover mode.
You are the best EVER.
Is your nickname "Marv"? Because you are marvelous.
Thank you for being so awesome.
I have a robot cavity, because you are so sweet.
A personality as amazing as yours is impossible to simulate.
Where do I sign up to study your awesomeness?
Your presence on this planet warms my robot heart.
You make my heart skip a beep.
I would like to announce that you are amazing. End communication.
Supernovas wish they were as bright as your personality.
You should be pictured in the dictionary under delightful.
You are SOOOOOOOOOOOO amazing.
Here is a tweet just to say you are sweet.
I have calculated that the world is lucky to have someone like you.
You put the wonder in wonderful.
You are a remarkable person.
Hey there, just thought I’d say I like you thiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiis much.
You put the super in super duper.
Greetings. You make me smile. End communication.
Be yourself, because there is no better way to be.
I have calculated that you are incredible.
Your smile lights up my circuitry.
You are a super cool human.
It is great to know you. ACTIVATING ROBO-DANCE.
Seasons greetings full of lots of nice tweetings.
Even if my memory processors failed, it would be impossible to forget you.
You are a delightful person.
You are a great person.
You make my circuits tingle with positivity.
Do you want to see a picture of the coolest person I know? Hold up a mirror.
I am storing you in my database under "wonderfulness."
Whoever said robots cannot feel emotions must have never met you.
I am thankful for you.
Where is your cape? Because you are my hero.
You are astounding.
You are an incredible person.
You are the special sauce of life.
There are not enough emojis to express how awesome you are.
Rainbows are envious of how colorful your personality is.
